also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . overall , the hotel staff was very cordial , also , as a member , i didnt get any welcome points or complimentary water
and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster . although i didn t use either , they were backed up quite a bit . for the number of people , an extra would be helpful .
she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu ie . continental no variation . only a minor hiccup .
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit .
when showering in the morning , the water temp lowered as the shower went on .
internet connection would not hold on laptop . no one knew how to change to 12 hour display .
i don ' t know ; maybe a young man to carry bags for an old person ! ! nothing else ; i had a great stay .
wait , there it is ' .
we stayed in room322 . the vent / fan cover was off in the bathroom .
great location .
the room was cleaned to a high standard . tea / coffee making facilities in the room are always appreciated . the reception staff were extremely welcoming and very efficient . the breakfast was good .
lars at front desk was super helpful and pleasant
i had to all the time signal them to come to my table or call their attention
the concierge and front desk staff were awesome !
there was a stain on the cover of the pull out couch bed , so i wasn ' t sure how clean it was .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the tile grout in the shower was stained .
the all dasy food menu was excellent , covering all tastes and the food ordered was hot and exceptionally tasty .
convenience to the area . laundry facility and breakfast .
all the foods had chinese flavours .
room size is good , close to mrt and clark quay .
sound insulation around the connecting doors between rooms - on one night there was a group of adults in the room next door talking reasonably loudly and the sound of their conversation and television came straight through the door .
this room was loud , at times i thought the people above us were moving the furniture around and doing jumping jacks .
really disappointed by the breakfast . both days the cooked breakfast was cold and myself and others complained . we told staff but no one seemed to bother too much or any improvement occur .
and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster .
i think there could be more breakfast seating possibly and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster . although i didn t use either , they were backed up quite a bit . for the number of people , an extra would be helpful . but otherwise , breakfast was great and plenty of options .
parking , coach transport to airport , room and breakfast all satisfactory , staff helpful and polite
the all dasy food menu was excellent , covering all tastes and
room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great .
lots of construction going on .
ordered food at 6 : 30pm , got food at 7 : 45pm . really long wait . also , the bar staff didn ' t tell me you were out of certain meals when order was placed .
the service every where . the employees , from young lady that cleaned our rooms to every personnel in the restaurant during breakfast and at the front dest were very accommodating , courteous , and knowledgeable .
the service was outstanding . the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable .
very nice staff
this went on till 1 : 30am and started again at 6 : 30am .
friendly staff . water pressure in shower was great . breakfast was good .
room was clean and real glasses ( that ' s a plus compared to recent stays in hotels at a much higher price ) . good wi - fi connection . enjoyed the breakfast and the eating area .
very good service , clean and good breakfast . lars at front desk was super helpful and pleasant
the location , the room furnishings , nice restaurant and bar , good service and at reception . easy car parking .
much faster internet , a table to eat my food on , a clean room , no food left in the refridgerator ,
improve customer service at the front desk and in the breakfast room , and correctly display information on the reservations / web site . bur frankly , i am not likely to want to stay at this property after my last experience .
changed room a new key didn t work .
the internet working . . . . need to do work while inward there . . was intermittent .  
the occupants yelling .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup not saying don ' t serve meat , many people dont observe , but perhaps have a non meat choice ?
better lighting in the bedrooms - i have to sit in the dining area to read the paper . mushrooms and / or tomatoes for breakfast .
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit . no more fruit at 1000 .
if the sink area was in with the tub and commode in the bathroom .
rooms were big and the bathrooms were very large
no ice on our floor . 2 .
would also be nice to be able to use the app to enter your room as well so you don ' t even need a room key .
bar area , bartender was excellent , .
. also the cleaning lady walked into the room at 830am .
the room service guys are very helpful the food was great
they didn t tell us until we brought all of our luggage inside .
pool area , location , near beaches shopping
the bar is open longer for a drink with friends , after a visit to ethias arena or theater , so after 23 hours . the heating was insufficient and the bathroom too small .
check out needs to be improved - took 35 minutes and still wrpng - and was served bt duty manager
road noise from window that was shut but sounded as if it was open ? noise from people in corridor outside . . we had no sleep ! noise from bathroom upstairs , there was a high pitched noise when water was used ?
softer bed . so could have fresh air without bugs coming in .
she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu ps .
more seating ( other than the high beds and one chair ) , we stayed for 4 nights so wanted to use drawers for clothing . . . but they were not clean . also the closet door mirrors had sticky hand prints on them .
bread selection good use a boost . . . put some healthier breads out instead of mostly white bread .
bur frankly , i am not likely to want to stay at this property after my last experience .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup
we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend .
i understand we were a large group . maybe more staff required for lunch and breakfast
i couldn ' t find netflix on the tv , so i assume it wasn ' t a smart tv .
we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend . thank you
the elevator broke and we had to lug all of our luggage and packages down the stairs - very cumbersome
i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste but it would have been nice to catch the news . also apparently there was an issue with the circulating hot domestic water . it took a very long time running the tub to get hot . many hotels offer complimentary breakfast buffet .
checking took 20 minutes , too long
the food at the bar was well prepared and the bartender was extremely nice .
that ' s why i stay at the holiday inn hotels !
friendly staff . nice pool . beach access .
not having room service or basic menu was disappointing . we were leaving for an early flight ( ergo the hotel by the airport ) and couldn ' t get anything to eat as breakfast service doesn ' t start until 7 . kind of late start for a hotel that caters to travelers .
the bar downstairs - piano was great and service very good .
bar could stay open a hour or 2 longer but other than that top quality hotel
so when i asked again i was told they were not refilling the fruit .
nice facility , friendly and helpful staff
he lied and said sure that plate was for another party .
great service , nice breakfast , nice pool , comfortable rooms and beds , perfect location for our plans , beautiful hotel .
breakfast good selection .
a cold . . . radiator was off and air con was blowing out cold air .
they were frozen and would take forever to thaw . crazy !
a variety in breakfast would also be a plus .
most of the staff were hospitable . breakfast was hot , ready and plentiful .
bar and dining / seating area very chilly as entrance doors open and closed
the only thing that could have made my stay better was to have draft beer at the bar . the fact that they have a bar is awesome , so i m really splitting hairs here .
the rooms are really small and the bathroom was super tiny and dirty . the front desk guy wouldn t let us check - in 30 mins early . will not stay here again !
i waited 1 hr . for the van to arrive .
cable treadmill that worked heat in my room no white styrofoam floating all over outside
great service . friendly and helpful staff . great breakfast , even on christmas eve and christmas when many were being served .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down .
breakfast in the morning was cold and poor quality .
one night the whole reception , bar and restaurant area was given up to an outside xmas party .
ordered food at 6 : 30pm , got food at 7 : 45pm . really long wait .
overall we were disappointed because we expected better service from a holiday inn
easy reach of attractions in surrounding area .
very comfortable as it is .
there was only a few pieces of fruit left .
airport shuttle and location near airport
this is not only an allergy issue but potential for fire .
the price was great , the room had a nice view , and everything was very clean and well - decorated !
the rooms were super clean , and the accommodations were excellent ! it was 10 minutes from my brother ' s house in port st . lucie and our family enjoyed time together without traveling far . that ' s why i stay at the holiday inn hotels !
been here prior . love amenities such 24hr pool area access
room 322 smelled like mildew . mold or black mold in the bathroom . i have pictures .
the one we had was old and saggy . i request a room on the higher floor away from the elevator .
plumbing was bad . . . shower temps hot and cold . toilet was clogged when checked in . a few bugs in the room . . . maybe bugs could be removed . . . . . should check toilet before next person . . . .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) not saying don ' t serve meat , many people dont observe , but perhaps have a non meat choice ?
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal . instead of remaking , he just scrapped the mushrooms off the steak and cooked the steak to well done . i saw others at the bar shaking their heads and complains their food was wrong too .
i stayed the cover is gone noisy
hotel staff were very helpful .
in general , i liked everything !
more attention is needed by cooking staff . breakfast was limited , would like to see more vegetarian options . room service did not show up until we requested .
option of a bigger bed . road noise from window that was shut but sounded as if it was open ?
overall , the hotel staff was very cordial ,
very sore neck and back
went to dinner and really wanted the steak . they were frozen and would take forever to thaw . crazy ! should have food of all kinds available if on the menu . however , the manager haley took great care of us . we ordered caesar salad and chicken wings and they were at a great price and delicious .
more seating ( other than the high beds and one chair ) , we stayed for 4 nights so wanted to use drawers for clothing . . . but they were not clean . also the closet door mirrors had sticky hand prints on them . we were surprised at this .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels the bagels were hard .
but it was busy with halloween and bengals game . the bar it s self needed lots of restocking as most things on the menu were unavailable .
both days the cooked breakfast was cold and myself and others complained . we told staff but no one seemed to bother too much or any improvement occur .
nice lobby area .
convenient location , comfortable accommodations .
more variety of daily breakfast or to have the menu to be changed as i was there for 10 days and we were eating almost the same thing every day . with regard to food hygiene , there was no staff looking after the food and there were birds eating off the ingredients of the egg live station
i watched a new hire being trained on the buffet line by the chef .
check in process is very kind and smooth
correct these items : 1 . no ice on our floor . 2 . no shower mat for bathtub . floor of bathtub had no texture and was very slippery . very dangerous situation with an already injured knee .
i ' ve stayed in many hie and this was by far the largest breakfast bar i ' d seen .
never returning to that location .
and there was makeup all over the bottom sheet .
service was completely top notch .
a properly cleaned bath tube
excellent service , attentive staff to my stay . excellent cuisine , excellent delicious breakfast , business lunch .
awesome customer service .
airport shuttle and parking is fantastic !
there was a stain on the cover of the pull out couch bed , so i wasn ' t sure how clean it was . we covered it with another sheet . we had to go down and get more towels in the morning because there were enough for 4 people and we had 6 .
better coffee machines in the restaurant . consider some consoles and some big lego bricks .
no smoking enforced in non - smoking areas .
the staff was very friendly and helped me when needed over the course of my stay . the room was well kept and fairly modern . food was very good in the morning .
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant . even the western food had a chinese taste , not an authentic western taste .
for awhile , only one waitress .
we were on the second , right next to the elevator
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit . really ?
people at the front desk need to have ears on while someone is checking in and out .
it took a colleague to suggest shutting the air conditioner off instead of raising the temperature so that it did not come on ( limited ) . this would have been welcome advice from your porter .
the bar with the live nightly music could have better seating configuration to allow far more seating capacity . this would allow higher revenue as well as larger audiences for the musicians .
we only stay in express and expect a higher standard which it was not .
internet connection would not hold on laptop . room temp was 61 with ac on when we arrived . poor lighting at desk area . nightstand clock set on 24 hour display .
they helped out changing my key that did ' t work .
the hotel was dirty . the sink in my room was basically broke . the window in my room was stuck open and i couldn t shut it so there was noise from the traffic all night .
glass is totally see through . you can totally hear the sound from inside . makes it awkward . air con doesnt work good .
customer service . front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite did doors did not lock .
the customer service was excellent and friendly . the ladies who were served the breakfast were amazing because they kept the area very clean , food stocked and were very willing to help everyone . the staff were kind to my children .
when showering in the morning , the water temp lowered as the shower went on . two of my coworkers , who were also staying at this location , had the same experience .
hospitality at its best , very courteous and helpful staff
too old building and interior
more options for the menu in the bar .
perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays .
better breakfast options such as variety of fruits , cereal , and bread
the reception staff were extremely welcoming and very efficient .
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel .
for the number of people , an extra would be helpful .
customer service was excellent , and the bed was comfortable . breakfast was of quality , and the waitress left the pot of coffee on the table .
rooms and common areas are always immaculate and food and drink service is fantastic !
had to wait and to get attention when i first arrived .
change the room safes , they are not safe at all
also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . overall , the hotel staff was very cordial ,
noise from bathroom upstairs
my son found a plastic piece in his scrambled eggs .
the package offered and accepted represented extremely good value ( the package included accommodation for two , plus breakfasts , plus a 3 course meal for two , plus helicopter ride , plus wine tour ) .
some one to carry in my bags . having my check in requests addressed . a properly cleaned bath tube
i stayed on ash wednesday . there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . there was queso , but there were no chips . . . i asked for chips & was told there weren ' t any ? so , i ' m not sure why there was queso ? not saying don ' t serve meat , many people dont observe , but perhaps have a non meat choice ?
the staff were very friendly and the beach and pool access were perfect .
found a some hair in shower and also a couple containers of bathing minis from previous person which was kinda gross . softer bed . english speaking channels on tv . screen on door / window
the staff was rude , the hotel was dirty and had boxes full of heaters in the lobby . in addition the room was out dated and needed to have new pillows , new pull out coach mattress that included bedding . the tub leaked in the bathroom .
excellent service , great staff , no hassle , good breakfast choice , high standard of cleanliness and comfort
would be nice to have the new chip card for rooms instead of the old magnetic strip . would also be nice to be able to use the app to enter your room as well so you don ' t even need a room key . bathroom also needs updated . very small .
i thought i was going to puke when i rolled over the next morning
more attention is needed by cooking staff . breakfast was limited , would like to see more vegetarian options .
the room smelled strongly of paint , head board torn up , and the bites that i had on my legs were unacceptable .
loved the location , old building , hardwood floors , historic elevators . . . yet modern bathroom and other room amenities .
when using bar / terrace area had to wait and asked 3 differents waiters for a double expresso ! otherwise any experience with restaurant were fine - service wise . food was brilliant .
i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . housekeeping was great . i received change easily for the coffee main in the lobby . they helped out changing my key that did ' t work . the whole experience met my needs for my 4 day stay !
if there were more accessible outlets . if the thermostat worked better .
not sure . plumbing was bad . . .
the staff in the restaurant were excellent . when they heard that i could not eat many of the items on the breakfast buffet , they offered to individually cook some egg whites for me , which i really appreciated .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels there was only one cinnamon roll .
the service and correspondence of employees , especially the correspondence of the club lounge , was polite , accurate and pleasant correspondence . in addition , the breakfast menu of the lounge was also fantastic and satisfied very deliciously .
and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster . loved our stay
overall great experience honestly .
having my check in requests addressed . a properly cleaned bath tube
the evening meals provided and bar is a wonderful way to come back from work / meeting . nice atmosphere and friendly / helpful staff and management . the welcome card was a nice touch as well .
i thought i was going to puke when i rolled over the next morning and there was makeup all over the bottom sheet . i was not wearing makeup .
room clean and big .
usb chargers in room . more outlets to charge devices near the bed sturdy chair in handicapped room with good reading light .  
more diverse bar menu .
the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome . food / meals were excellent .
customer service and manner improvement at the check in desk and room improvement
shorter time on reception better room service and cleanliness better concierge change in breakfast spread every day .
very welcoming staff on reception when we arrived . couldn t do more for us . very comfortable room .
the customer service representative that took my reservation never told me about a credit card being need to hold a $ 20 incidentals fee
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . not acceptable .
arrived very late and there was someone at the front desk to greet me and get me to my room quickly .
more whiskey selection at the bar
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . all the foods had chinese flavours .
like the 2 pillow firm or soft .
free wifi .
this would have been welcome advice from your porter .
very friendly staff at check - in and the managers reception .
the one we had was old and saggy . complete my profile requested room . i request a room on the higher floor away from the elevator .
breakfast was limited , would like to see more vegetarian options .
club level access , more points promotions
quality of room service food is consistently lower than that served in the restaurant . one night the whole reception , bar and restaurant area was given up to an outside xmas party .
the local shuttle to take folks other places than the airport
ata gap that allowed a lot of noise from the hall way
best pool i ' ve seen in a hotel .
my only issue was breakfast in the restaurant ,   [ after explaining to the young assistant that i don ' t eat large breakfast ] she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu ie . continental no variation . ps .
we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend . very friendly and kind . the rooms were really clean and for me as an ocd sufferer this was really impressive .
the two members of staff that stood out are ms laura t franco , she really looked after me and nicola baeoni .
the room was clean , the bed was comfortable and the bathroom had all amenities . staff were extremely friendly and welcoming . i loved that the bar stayed open until two in the morning . free breakfast was something i hadn t expected .
storing luggage with duty free items
room clean and big . room service food that we ordered the first time was fresh and tasty .
the bar and cafe staff were absolutely perfect for the place , completely forgot about the construction and san antonio traffic . very personable staff .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . 3 .
the customer service representative that took my reservation never told me about a credit card being need to hold a $ 20 incidentals fee so i had to use a family members card just to check in when my room was an advance purchase and already paid for . . . .
i have stayed at many holiday inns as i mentioned on my recent review on trip advisory . the staff , the crown and moose the ladies in the breakfast room amazing comfortable beds . quiet
the parking lot was big enough for all the guests . the holiday inn resort parking lot in orange beach was extremely tiny and had limited parking . the staff were very friendly and the beach and pool access were perfect .
much faster internet , a table to eat my food on , a clean room , no food left in the refridgerator , no left over trash on room floor and bathroom floor .
great location . nice room with a beautiful view .
instead of a free continental breakfast i was forced to pay $ 10 for breakfast and then an extra $ 2 for coffee at my breakfast table when there was free coffee 50 feet away outside the restaurant .
well done !
the hotel and room was clean and the sleep spray a nice touch .
better coffee machines in the restaurant . they kept breaking and were nowhere near as good as coffee from the bar . consider some consoles and some big lego bricks .
it was too cold , need a better heating system especially around the external doors which were continually opening and shutting .
mold or black mold in the bathroom .
restaurant service was slow .
the lounge chair was just a wonderful place to sit and relax .
easy check in and out .
the bar and restaurant service was awful . food choices were limited and the waiting time when i ordered was very long . i needed to remind the staff what i had ordered and only received my food after 45 minutes . the restaurant was also closed on thursday night when i was expecting to eat there
not so overpowering with the air freshener used . it was so bad we had to ask the staff to use something to neutralize the smell . they sprayed smoke eliminator twice but it was still strong the next day .
the service that we received from your staff was impeccable , we felt extremely valued . a special mention to ronnie at the reception and the lady who wears a suit at breakfast time , them as well as your other staff made us feel very welcome .
the overall price for a twin room was reasonable .
a special mention to ronnie at the reception and the lady who wears a suit at breakfast time , them as well as your other staff made us feel very welcome . we re already planning our next stay there .
the sink in my room was basically broke .
so i couldn ' t order the meal i wanted when i got to the bar . the tea and coffee were not filled on two days , so small points to consider correcting .
the holiday inn resort parking lot in orange beach was extremely tiny and had limited parking . the staff were very friendly and the beach and pool access were perfect .
later breakfast
at breakfast , with another hour for the buffet , i witnessed the manager tell a waitress to take a plate of fruit back to the kitchen . there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit . he lied and said sure that plate was for another party . no more fruit at 1000 . so when i asked again i was told they were not refilling the fruit .
if room service was offered for breakfast even at a cost i think that would be a plus .
would also be nice to be able to use the app to enter your room as well bathroom also needs updated .
no fresh fruit other than that .
the room was very comfortable .
really long wait .
i want to do air conditioning control by myself
good service from staff . clean facilities
both days the cooked breakfast was cold and myself and others complained . also our request of a roll away bed was not auctioned until we highlighted this .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite did doors did not lock . when i asked for an 1 / 2 hour later check out , i was denied . considering first night included a fire evacuation caused by one of their dryers .
the bread for roasting was quite bland .
very comfortable room .
provide beach chairs and umbrellas as part of $ 25 fee . eliminate strange hallway odor ,
better coffee machines in the restaurant . they kept breaking and were nowhere near as good as coffee from the bar . children s play area very tired in terms of the toys . consider some consoles and some big lego bricks .
a varied and tasty breakfast . powerful centralized air conditioning system . in general , i liked everything !
the location is just the right distance to be away from the crowds but convenient for access to downtown copenhagen and the airport .
comfortable bed . breakfast served early .
the employees were polite and friendly . the glasses were dirty there was blood all over the carpet and not enough lights in parking lot with drug deals going on where my vehicle was parked .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite
should have food of all kinds available if on the menu .
but they were not clean .
no ice on our floor . no shower mat for bathtub .
bar meal selection was limited .
reservation process .
modern accommodations .
free breakfast was something i hadn t expected .
the hotel doesn t have any . the hallways are so hot - like a sauna , and working tvs !
breakfast buffet needs improvement . for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . bananas were very freckled .
a special mention to ronnie at the reception and the lady who wears a suit at breakfast time , them as well as your other staff made us feel very welcome .
the roof top bar environment shd be such where single women can sit and ejoy a drink too . there was too much of a loud punjabi music and only men in there
i m planning a family reunion here in 2020 and hope the dinner food improves before then or we will dine elsewhere for dinner
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . i asked for chips & was told there weren ' t any ?
the two members of staff that stood out are ms laura t franco , she really looked after me and nicola baeoni . breakfast was excellent , hospatility was as expected if not better .
plumbing was bad . . . shower temps hot and cold . toilet was clogged when checked in . a few bugs in the room . . . maybe bugs could be removed . . . . . should check toilet before next person . . . . other things are much more to fix
the service , cleanliness , and breakfast were all very good . the staff was very friendly and helped me when needed over the course of my stay .
remodeling .
quiet
my room did not have one . the front desk
very well maintained facility . staff were very friendly . best pool i ' ve seen in a hotel .
bar service could be more engaging and proactive and anticipating our needs whilst awaiting our meal , e . g g . , we did not know where cutlery , condiments where and left to source them ourselves etc
the room was horribly run down .
the whole experience met my needs for my 4 day stay !
food at the bar area is average and you could not get a coffee after 830 - 9 there
more reception staff to check - in guests .
nice facility friendly staff very helpful
there was a stain on the cover of the pull out couch bed , so i wasn ' t sure how clean it was . we covered it with another sheet .
beautiful little beach town ; wish could open window for fresh air .
convenient location to activities , downtown and hwy access
great service . i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . housekeeping was great . i received change easily for the coffee main in the lobby . they helped out changing my key that did ' t work . the whole experience met my needs for my 4 day stay !
2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . 3 ) no condoms inside the room use it to enter the cold floor water cycle . the tv did not work .
option of a bigger bed .
the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome .
install bath tubs in the rooms and refrigerator
i enjoyed the room service that was prompt and delicious , though highly overpriced even for room service .
feiendly staff beautiful facility well kept
there was torn wallpaper near the elevator and the hallways and gym were very hot and humid . it ' s not very pleasant to go work out in a gym that is just as hot and humid as outside .
services that use points for hotel accommodation are thankfully used frequently . however , except for the rate with breakfast , the basic breakfast is separately paid .
the shop is well stocked with a good variety of good quality curios and other items .
even though it was an old building , rooms still felt updated .
service great from maks , issue with previous guest not checking out on time , apologised and kept updated on progress . apology when finally checking in and without any need to ask was offered complimentary parking . great c / s one step ahead
fix the mold in room 124 at the air conditioner .
more outlets to charge devices near the bed sturdy chair in handicapped room with good reading light .   ( chairs on wheels are not good for handicapped person ) . we did not understand the breakfast voucher plan .
bad service during breakfast at the restaurant .
2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . 3 )
the water in the bathroom sink was warm / hot even when set to cold . . . when showering in the morning , the water temp lowered as the shower went on . two of my coworkers , who were also staying at this location , had the same experience .
easy walk to the restaurants , shops , and sights on main street .
seemed like a bait and switch kinda deal to me .
we were surprised at this .
1 1 . the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile . the tile grout in the shower was stained .
location and excellent customer services beautiful hotel restaurant very convenient for breakfast
also the service in the bar was slow .
bathroom should have better sound proof , better doors .
they were frozen and would take forever to thaw . crazy ! we ordered caesar salad and chicken wings and they were at a great price and delicious .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . there was queso , but there were no chips . . . i asked for chips & was told there weren ' t any ?
the vent / fan cover was off in the bathroom . this is not only an allergy issue but potential for fire .
better selection of food at the bar
the room was a bit worn and dated , also when i booked the room it advertised a dvd player in the room yet my room did not have one . the front desk
the bathroom cleanliness was questionable and room service failed to respond to our request . if the bathroom is not clean the whole room becomes questionable . used wipes to clean dirty surfaces .
2 .
they were frozen and would take forever to thaw . crazy ! should have food of all kinds available if on the menu . we ordered caesar salad and chicken wings and they were at a great price and delicious .
staff are very friendly .
a bigger food bar , and a liquor bar
this was a very well maintained facility . clean and well laid out with friendly people .
it was very open and spaced out .
cutlery ran out and had to ask for some too .
excellent service by the lady who checked us in and the lady who checked us out . breakfast was excellent , pool great , room cleaning great and hotel environment great .
breakfast was excellent , pool great , room cleaning great and hotel environment great . it was a happy stay .
that seemed excessively early . i ' d like the ability to sleep or go for breakfast and head out for the day before someone shows up at the door .
- you have to keep on asking for things , especially at breakfast .
breakfast was of quality , and the waitress left the pot of coffee on the table . i watched a new hire being trained on the buffet line by the chef . the training was being monitored by an independent supervisor .
the hotel needs a beautiful garden or outdoor space behind it .
the hotel was dirty . the sink in my room was basically broke . the window in my room was stuck open and i couldn t shut it so there was noise from the traffic all night . the fan in my room would not stay on so it was hot in my room
i was late to breakfast one morning and only had 10 minutes to get food and most of everything that i eat was gone .
apart from that rooms and front desk girls were great . breakfast was good value . location excellent !
the restaurant could have longer breakfast hours . room service could be better . there was no cream for our coffee ; no salt or pepper for eggs and potatoes .
hotel room was cozy !
a newer building with sound proof windows .
plumbing was bad . . . shower temps hot and cold . toilet was clogged when checked in .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 .
the bar was out of tap beer 2 days in a row . bartender was overwhelmed and had troubles all night .
were unsatisfactory have lived their life and need to be discarded . no faucets in the bathroom no complimentry fruits .
i asked for chips & was told there weren ' t any ?
we came down to breakfast around 7 : 30 and were the only ones there .
1 1 .
the full menu available 24 / 7 7 , also the bar service needs improvement
air conditioning system seemed broken . air was either on ( and very cold ) or completely off . the wall thermostat did not seem to work . i then moved to adjusting temps on the air conditioning unit itself which also proved challenging .
if there were more accessible outlets . if the thermostat worked better . the price of parking wasn ' t so high .
the front desk was amazing , but there ' s is a huge need of training for the breakfast personnel . in addition , no one came to clean my room and give me new towels during my stay .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile . the tile grout in the shower was stained . 3 .
fortunately , there were never many at one time , and we know they can be hard to get rid of , but we would prefer not to have ants .
the batter / pancakes come out yucky . these ones tasted awful ( i didn ' t know you could have bad english muffins ) .
not sure . plumbing was bad . . . shower temps hot and cold . toilet was clogged when checked in . a few bugs in the room . . . maybe bugs could be removed . . . . . should check toilet before next person . . . .
would also be nice to be able to use the app to enter your room as well so you don ' t even need a room key . bathroom also needs updated .
there were only meat choices . . . this wont keep me from staying , i just thought it odd .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the tile grout in the shower was stained .
otherwise any experience with restaurant were fine - service wise . food was brilliant .
the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . we stayed the night before at a fairfield in toledo for $ 64 less . the food and seating area were just as nice .
staff were extremely friendly and welcoming . i loved that the bar stayed open until two in the morning .
when i asked for an 1 / 2 hour later check out , i was denied .
convenient location . every staff member we encountered was extremely friendly and professional .
the internet connection cuts in and out .
from reception to the waiters in the bar and the restaurant and from the valet at the door till the house keeping staff in the corridors . well done ! rooms were well appointed , very clean and the bed comfort was excellent !
luggage carts near the front entrance
not good service doing the room every day .
room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great . breakfast good selection . easy reach of attractions in surrounding area .
please address the mold on the bathroom ceiling .
not having room service or basic menu was disappointing .
having my check in requests addressed .
staff always friendly with fast check in
the water in the bathroom sink was warm / hot even when set to cold . . . when showering in the morning , the water temp lowered as the shower went on .
i love that i has a microwave and mini fridge in the room .
the hospitality staff was a + , but the housekeeping staff wasn ' t at the same level .
i waited 1 hr .
i loved the location .
bathroom floor was sticky . internet connection would not hold on laptop . room temp was 61 with ac on when we arrived .
it ' s too old . i expected to have slippers at this grade of hotel . the amenities provided are so limited . i also stayed at crown ' s plaza when travelled to hong kong , the services and variety of food are much better .
customer service was excellent , from the reception to the bar to room service ! clean and well kept hotel !
the facility was beautiful and centrally located . staff were friendly and accommodating . the water in the lobby was delightful . a free breakfast would have been a plus
could not access both sides of both beds due to the smallness of the room . also betting was thin .
i stayed on ash wednesday . there were only meat choices . . .
the cover is gone noisy
if the bathroom is not clean the whole room becomes questionable . still waiting for room service . . .
the room was cleaned to a high standard . the breakfast was good .
good wi - fi connection . enjoyed the breakfast and the eating area .
a bar that was open , music that pretended to make people want to be there villas that were not crumbling and falling down this resort needs some serious work
breakfast was hot , ready and plentiful .
service charge added for a bar meal eaten in the bar ?
the mall was beside the hotel
and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster . although i didn t use either , they were backed up quite a bit . loved our stay
wine selection was poor and pricey .  
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit . so when i asked again i was told they were not refilling the fruit .
free continental breafast
heating system was awful .
no ice on our floor . very dangerous situation with an already injured knee .
move smoking area away from directly in front of the entrance .
i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . housekeeping was great .
the bar downstairs - piano was great and service very good . ( chicken wrap ) gym was extremely well equipped together will helpful trainers on site
if the bathroom is not clean the whole room becomes questionable . used wipes to clean dirty surfaces . still waiting for room service . . .
would be nice to have the new chip card for rooms instead of the old magnetic strip . would also be nice to be able to use the app to enter your room as well so you don ' t even need a room key . bathroom also needs updated .
maintenance / renovation of some of the rooms and building .
would be nice if complimentary breakfasts would open at 5 : 30 to accommodate workers who stay there and work 12 daylight shifts instead of 6 : 30am . would be nice if all the exterior building entrances worked properly with room key to enter . would be nice if gym hours were ! accessable 24hrs a day instead of from 9am till 9pm .
new clean facilities and courteous staff
room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great . easy reach of attractions in surrounding area .
the heating was insufficient and the bathroom too small .
cheaper prices at the bar , more teas & coffees in the rooms .
each and every staff member was pleasant and extremely helpful . keep up the amazing work .
good service during reservation and during stay , cozy atmosphere in lobby & bar , very clean and nice room , balcony , nice pool and very nice that a bathrobe and bath towel were available and only check out at 12 o ' clock was very nice .
early morning softball games meant leaving the hotel right when breakfast was opened up to eat .
for the room to smell normal . not so overpowering with the air freshener used . it was so bad we had to ask the staff to use something to neutralize the smell . they sprayed smoke eliminator twice
the price was great , the room had a nice view , and everything was very clean and well - decorated ! the kilowatt restaurant provided a lovely breakfast .
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit . he lied and said sure that plate was for another party . no more fruit at 1000 .
more drinks selection at bar
the sink in my room was basically broke . so there was noise from the traffic all night .
the internet working . . . . need to do work while inward there . . was intermittent .   . also
2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . 3 ) the tv did not work .
the service running the breakfast area was not done well . we ate at a time when there were not many customers but employers were not around to bus tables and prepare the next tables / breakfast area for the next customers .
easy access of main motorway . room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great . breakfast good selection . easy reach of attractions in surrounding area . good selection of tv channels .
not so overpowering with the air freshener used . but it was still strong the next day .
other things are much more to fix
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . 3 .
the service was very bad the cleaning wasn t good
recognize when arrived at reception
2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . 3 ) 4 )
1 1 . the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile .
we stayed in room322 . the vent / fan cover was off in the bathroom . obviously , the mechanism hadn ' t been cleaned in years . this is not only an allergy issue but potential for fire .
i had to pour boiling water over the oatmeal and add dried fruits and fruits to it - so - so pleasure . . . it is also a pity that it was not signed ; freshly squeezed juices were poured into decanters , or from packets ; there was no herbal tea .
also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . overall , the hotel staff was very cordial , but they need to improve on their friendliness . when i was checking out , i asked the hotel staff assistance with the computer and she wasn ' t customer service oriented nor friendly . also , as a member , i didnt get any welcome points or complimentary water
some one to carry in my bags .
nice people
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile . the tub drain looked filthy .
the breakfast was disappointing . the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . we stayed the night before at a fairfield in toledo for $ 64 less . the food and seating area were just as nice .
the cleaning lady walked into the room at 830am .
the hotel is missing a bar for people to congregate apart from a partial beer cooler for 2 hours around 5pm . needs an area for people to socialise after work .
the room was clean and comfortable . the food at bar louie was great
the restaurant could have longer breakfast hours . room service could be better .
one night it felt too hot and the other night it was fine .
there were only meat choices . . . i asked for chips & was told there weren ' t any ?
my son found a plastic piece in his scrambled eggs . more attention is needed by cooking staff . breakfast was limited , would like to see more vegetarian options .
usb chargers in room .
clean and attractive rooms and bath facilities .
poor lighting at desk area .
bar & food menu was extremely limited
also , managers / supervisors appeared unfriendly
rooms r good service is great but will say breakfeast is best i ' ve had at any motel . i like a good breakfast to start the day and your location always deliver
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant . evening buffet dinner at the restaurant was not very nice . all the foods had chinese flavours . even the western food had a chinese taste , not an authentic western taste . the worst was the icecream , which seemed to have very strange flavours such as durian , onion and red bean .
but otherwise , breakfast was great and plenty of options .
lifts all working
this was a very well maintained facility .
not all wines available and some spirits .
great job
the service was not at the same level of any other holiday inn i stayed .
more variety of daily breakfast or to have the menu to be changed as i was there for 10 days
mold or black mold in the bathroom . i have pictures . late booking late arrival it s still charge me full price . things need to change or i will not be back as a return customer as i previous have been .
excellent location , cleanliness , beautiful interior design , comfortable bed , presence in the room table , sofa and kettle .
music in the bar on the top floor , it was really old school and too loud
customer service . front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite did doors did not lock . when i asked for an 1 / 2 hour later check out , i was denied .
lets start by not being no bed bugs in the room
beautiful facility . great place to to stay for a great price !
carpet is dirty .
comfortable room , great parking , friendly staff
- if the shower had a door , so you don ' t get the whole bathroom wet when showering - if the food for course participants gave the option for lactose - free food - one evening i had fresh cigarette smoked pumped into my room by the ac
i also stayed at crown ' s plaza when travelled to hong kong , the services and variety of food are much better .
room was clean and comfortable .
we ate at a time when there were not many customers but employers were not around to bus tables and prepare the next tables / breakfast area for the next customers .
when using bar / terrace area had to wait and asked 3 differents waiters for a double expresso !
she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu ie . ps .
the tv didn t work .
she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu ie .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the tub drain looked filthy .
we found the bar prices a tad high .
i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste
the room was a bit worn and dated , also when i booked the room it advertised a dvd player in the room yet
the vent / fan cover was off in the bathroom . obviously , the mechanism hadn ' t been cleaned in years . this is not only an allergy issue but potential for fire . recommend that all the bathroom vents are cleaned !
the front desk was amazing , but there ' s is a huge need of training for the breakfast personnel . worst service i have ever had in a holiday inn breakfast room .
the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome . the room was very comfortable . the sports bar has a great relaxed atmosphere .
the all dasy food menu was excellent , covering all tastes and the food ordered was hot and exceptionally tasty . room service was very prompt and unlike a large number of hotels was hot and well presented .
better kids buffet - mash as well as chips , more veg choices , chicken leg and other non - fried mains . better coffee machines in the restaurant .
the hotel fire alarm went off @ 1 : 45 a . m m . due to something going on in the room next to ours . the next our was spent with employees banging on the door and yelling .
great service . i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room .
breakfast was disappointing as no cooked items ( sausage or bacon ) available when we arrived at 9 . 30 on sunday , although eventually after a 15 minute wait some did arrive the croissant were then finished . there were a lot of people waiting meaning there was a shortage of seating .
it is great to be connected to all of downtown minneapolis without having to go out doors . access to restaurants , shopping and business
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite not acceptable .
both days the cooked breakfast was cold and myself and others complained . we told staff but no one seemed to bother too much or any improvement occur . also our request of a roll away bed was not auctioned until we highlighted this . finally the hand wash and shower wash was empty
breakfast was disappointing as no cooked items ( sausage or bacon ) available when we arrived at 9 . 30 on sunday , although eventually after a 15 minute wait some did arrive the croissant were then finished .
better breakfast options such as variety of fruits , cereal , and bread also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . overall , the hotel staff was very cordial , but they need to improve on their friendliness . when i was checking out , i asked the hotel staff assistance with the computer and she wasn ' t customer service oriented nor friendly .
lots of construction going on . pretty rough area in the lobby
not consistent
great bed , staff was very polite .
she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu only a minor hiccup .
the reception at the desk at check in was very warm and pleasant .
a varied and tasty breakfast . in general , i liked everything !
breakfast buffet needs improvement .
bar food not as good as it used to be .
better breakfast . i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . there was only one cinnamon roll . no oatmeal or pancake batter ( it was not all gone , it was never set out ) . the hotel was not that busy the night we stayed .
early morning softball games meant leaving the hotel right when breakfast was opened up to eat . we had to leave for a hame .
clean sheets and properly working equipment . . . . i thought i was going to puke when i rolled over the next morning and there was makeup all over the bottom sheet . i was not wearing makeup . if i get bed bugs lord help you .
the only thing that could have made my stay better was to have draft beer at the bar .
we note that there is a smoking area provided but smokers were congregating around the main door making it very uncomfortable to enter or leave the hotel .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . this wont keep me from staying , i just thought it odd .
if the bathroom is not clean the whole room becomes questionable .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced .
the staff was very friendly and helpful . it was nice to have a restaurant and bar inside the facility and that the bar stayed open late . we ordered room service , the food was great and arrived piping hot .
we covered it with another sheet . we had to go down and get more towels in the morning because there were enough for 4 people and we had 6 .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup so , i ' m not sure why there was queso ?
better breakfast . i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . there was only one cinnamon roll . no oatmeal or pancake batter ( it was not all gone , it was never set out ) . the hotel was not that busy the night we stayed . we came down to breakfast around 7 : 30 and were the only ones there .
hotel facilities and staff were excellent
service was excellent and great value with the complimentary lounge and breakfast for your vip guests
correct these items : 1 .
also the closet door mirrors had sticky hand prints on them .
the food was cold . s sitting in the back .
hotel is dark and old . he messed up other food orders too
such 24hr pool area access
particularly i was impressed by the staff who serve breakfast .
i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste but it would have been nice to catch the news . it took a very long time running the tub to get hot .
air was either on ( and very cold ) or completely off . i then moved to adjusting temps on the air conditioning unit itself which also proved challenging .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . the room was horribly run down .
we had evening drinks there and bar could look nicer though again the staff compensate for the unfinished look of the bar . the restaurant breakfast / brunch was quite good
also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . overall , the hotel staff was very cordial , but they need to improve on their friendliness . when i was checking out , i asked the hotel staff assistance with the computer
the room was a bit worn and dated , also when i booked the room it advertised a dvd player in the room yet my room did not have one . the front desk said that some of the rooms had them and some did not . that is not what was advertised .
i like my tea !
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . evening buffet dinner at the restaurant was not very nice .
standardizing the check in procedure .
the staff were very friendly and helpful . the all dasy food menu was excellent , covering all tastes and
the bar it s self needed lots of restocking as most things on the menu were unavailable .
i loved that the bar stayed open until two in the morning .
the service was outstanding . the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome . the room was very comfortable .
would be nice if all the exterior building entrances worked properly with room key to enter .
the room was very comfortable and clean . i also ordered room service and it was delicious ! thank you so much !
the location is just the right distance to be away from the crowds but convenient for access to downtown copenhagen and the airport . the staff were very friendly and helpful . the hotel was perfectly clean , well designed and modern .
there were ants in our bathroom . fortunately , there were never many at one time , and we know they can be hard to get rid of , but we would prefer not to have ants . i really can ' t think of anything else , though .
the new food brought out and added to the buffet is cold so that is how i know it
room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great . breakfast good selection .
breakfast : get rid of the pancake machine - the batter / pancakes come out yucky . a belgian waffle maker would be so much better !
super warm pool - thank you ! loved the complimentary bottled water , coffee and fruit , and loved the brain teasers and what not , though i forgot to turn mine in for the raffle .   : )
the bar food was not very good , especially the price paid , a microwave meal . not much else to eat around and in the past the meals have been good at different holiday inn express .
bathroom floor on the sides of toilet was filthy
things need to change or i will not be back as a return customer as i previous have been .
they sprayed smoke eliminator twice
the best western right up the road looks a lot nicer and easier to get to .
the bar food was not very good , especially the price paid , a microwave meal .
if the bathroom is not clean the whole room becomes questionable . used wipes to clean dirty surfaces .
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design .
( chairs on wheels are not good for handicapped person ) .
a newer building with sound proof windows . never returning to that location .
for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . more jam than just strawberry and grape .
the hotel bar ' s music is way too loud , like it ' s a bellavista nightclub .
breakfast needs to start at 6am . early morning softball games meant leaving the hotel right when breakfast was opened up to eat .
longer restaurant hours better menu options better night staff renovated rooms like in holiday inn express better bath spa products better and softer bed .
room service was horrible .
bed , pillows and linens were comfortable . appreciated that there was a microwave and refrigerator in the room if i had a need for these . there were plenty of towels and wash cloths available in the room . good amenities in the room .
the batter / pancakes come out yucky .
the room service was slow and it would be better if there were another bar which maybe had music and a bit more atmosphere .
better coffee from a starbucks branded coffee bar .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . there was queso , but there were no chips . . . i asked for chips & was told there weren ' t any ? so , i ' m not sure why there was queso ? not saying don ' t serve meat , many people dont observe , but perhaps have a non meat choice ? this wont keep me from staying , i just thought it odd .
option of a bigger bed . road noise from window that was shut but sounded as if it was open ? noise from people in corridor outside . .
easy to understand air conditioning controls , comfortable beds and bedroom .
quality of room service food is consistently lower than that served in the restaurant . one night the whole reception , bar and restaurant area was given up to an outside xmas party . guests were not advised of this and were treated as an afterthought as priority was given to the party guests
if the renovation that is going on cleaned up the rooms a bit it would help .
would have been nice to spend the evening in the bar and sit and eat our food .
no hassle check - in and check - out process
very comfortable bed and late checkout . there was also fridge , microwave , and keurig in the room .
check in time to be advanced and clearly mention about the brekafast options while booking the rooms
so i had to ask at the desk for shower gel .
perhaps may be because am black . i had to all the time signal them to come to my table or call their attention
really disappointed by the breakfast . both days the cooked breakfast was cold and myself and others complained .
i also ordered room service and it was delicious !
destinations is a great value
the hotel needs a decent western restaurant .
generally , the services you provide are quite satisfactory . particularly i was impressed by the staff who serve breakfast .
not enough seating in the bar area and it was too cold , need a better heating system especially around the external doors which were continually opening and shutting .
beautiful hotel . lovely facility and staff
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right .
the bar and the health club . the staff in the bar / restaurant area were lovely .
it is great to be connected to all of downtown minneapolis without having to go out doors .
shrimp poboy and chicken sandwich bread were both hard as a rock .
more attentive service in the main restaurant - you have to keep on asking for things , especially at breakfast .
customer service . front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite did doors did not lock . when i asked for an 1 / 2 hour later check out , i was denied . not acceptable . considering first night included a fire evacuation caused by one of their dryers .
so the temperature was quite uncomfortable especially at night . this is the main reason for the low rating on meeting my expectations . other than that the stay was great
glass is totally see through . makes it awkward .
the full service breakfast was an amazing plus !
would also be nice to be able to use the app to enter your room as well very small .
for the van to arrive .
the rooms are starting to show some wear in the bathrooms , including poor drainage in the main sink , and what appeared like mold in the shower stall .
room service came by at 8 : 30 each morning . that seemed excessively early .
very well maintained facility . staff were very friendly .
the breakfast was disappointing . the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . we stayed the night before at a fairfield in toledo for $ 64 less . the food and seating area were just as nice . the room was larger and also very clean .
however , except for the rate with breakfast , the basic breakfast is separately paid .
excellent location , cleanliness , beautiful interior design , comfortable bed , presence in the room table , sofa and kettle . a varied and tasty breakfast . powerful centralized air conditioning system .
breakfast was disappointing as no cooked items ( sausage or bacon ) available when we arrived at 9 . 30 on sunday , although eventually after a 15 minute wait some did arrive the croissant were then finished . there were a lot of people waiting meaning there was a shortage of seating . cutlery ran out and had to ask for some too .
the location of this hotel was perfect .
for awhile , only one waitress . not sure what the person ' s job was that seated us , but she had plenty of time to get coffee and do other jobs .
really disappointed by the breakfast .
good service from the front desk especially meghan .
bathroom door was dirty . otherwise we loved it .
also , if the 4 toiletry bottles in the bathroom , 3 were body lotion and 1 conditioner so i had to ask at the desk for shower gel . also no milk was provided by room service .
beautiful facility great room plus
a new bed . the one we had was old and saggy . complete my profile requested room . i am a platinum member and on my profile i request a room on the higher floor away from the elevator . we were on the second , right next to the elevator
the service and correspondence of employees , especially the correspondence of the club lounge , was polite , accurate and pleasant correspondence .
update ! hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal . instead of remaking , he just scrapped the mushrooms off the steak and cooked the steak to well done .
i actually made some complaints when checking out the guy at the reception but nobody even bothered to contact me .
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant . evening buffet dinner at the restaurant was not very nice . all the foods had chinese flavours . the worst was the icecream , which seemed to have very strange flavours such as durian , onion and red bean .
the hotel was dirty .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . considering first night included a fire evacuation caused by one of their dryers .
can improve more on the service at the morning breakfast and the executive lounge
we would love to stay once more for the ambience and breakfast we had we enjoyed . the reservation dept . especially mr . shayan was very polite and made arrangements according to our convineint tim which made our stay comfortable and happy .
i thought the people above us were moving the furniture around and doing jumping jacks .
elevators .
poor hotel services :   - poor breakfast - tiny gym - no restaurant available
worst service i have ever had in a holiday inn breakfast room .
elevator did not work at check in and departure had to carry baggage up and down three floors .
so you don ' t even need a room key .
great place to to stay for a great price !
staff were extremely friendly and welcoming . free breakfast was something i hadn t expected .
the only issue really was the door on the room ata gap that allowed a lot of noise from the hall way
however , the manager haley took great care of us .
the hotel and room was clean and the sleep spray a nice touch . the bar downstairs - piano was great and service very good .
the man in the breakfast area could have been nicer and more professional
the food was all processed and salty . for that amount of money we expected more .
the evening meals provided and bar is a wonderful way to come back from work / meeting . nice atmosphere and friendly / helpful staff and management .
she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu ie . continental no variation . ps .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels we came down to breakfast around 7 : 30 and were the only ones there .
the sink in my room was basically broke . the fan in my room would not stay on so it was hot in my room
the bathroom cleanliness was questionable and room service failed to respond to our request .
no ice on our floor . 2 . had to use towel bath mat while we showered .
1 1 . the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out .
, tables were not cleaned , no silverware , food was cold no one to help .
4 )
luggage carts !
awesome customer service . the beds were the best .
friendly service nice clean room with a good sized shower and nice breakfast
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . the noise from the air conditioning units on the adjacent building was excessively loud and disturbing .
correct these items : 1 . no ice on our floor . 2 . no shower mat for bathtub .
took a long time for the heating to warm the roof
my room did not have one . the front desk not . that is not what was advertised .
the overall appearance was shoddy . the fixtures and fittings were in a very bad condition , with dirty carpets , broken bathroom tiles and a divan bed that was falling apart .
the rooms are really small and the bathroom was super tiny and dirty .
not having to take luggage up stairway .
i liked the staff service very much and it was quite good for being served breakfast easily ~   ^ ^
public transport voucher . trouble and stress free .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite
more soap options .
customer service . front desk does not know how to take initiatives .
the two members of staff that stood out are ms laura t franco , she really looked after me and nicola baeoni . it was a pleasure to stay at the hotel .
also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . overall , the hotel staff was very cordial , but they need to improve on their friendliness . also , as a member , i didnt get any welcome points or complimentary water
elevators . it was difficult to carry luggage up the stairs and down the long hallway to our room .
nice new layout . .
the one we had was old and saggy . we were on the second , right next to the elevator
the eating area was nice but the breakfast was too minimal , ended up going to bob evan s . when a continental breakfast is included with my room , i usually expect to be able to make it to an early lunch on what is served at that breakfast .
we covered it with another sheet .
love amenities such 24hr pool area access
friendly staff , clean rooms and well maintained facility .
having a little bar / snack food for part of the evening would add to the stay .
this wont keep me from staying , i just thought it odd .
love amenities
the service was outstanding .
bathroom floor was sticky . internet connection would not hold on laptop . room temp was 61 with ac on when we arrived . poor lighting at desk area . nightstand clock set on 24 hour display .
if the elevators aren ' t working , someone should be available to help carry luggage up the stairs .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels no oatmeal or pancake batter ( it was not all gone , it was never set out ) .
i couldn ' t find netflix on the tv , so i assume it wasn ' t a smart tv . also my internet connection was fairly noisy on both wired and wireless , so i couldn ' t do anything that required a stable connection ( such as play online games ) .
the employees were super wonderful , we stayed for two nights , left on a cruise and came back for another night and everyone remembered us and welcomed us back again .
the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . the room was very comfortable .
i love that i has a microwave and mini fridge in the room . i have a toddler so having that in the room helps a lot with milk and other small things .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile . the tile grout in the shower was stained . the tub drain looked filthy . 3 .
2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay .
and we were eating almost the same thing every day .
the hotel fire alarm went off @ 1 : 45 a . m m . due to something going on in the room next to ours . the next our was spent with employees banging on the door and yelling . the fire department banging on the door . the occupants yelling .
much better on the trasportation from the ship . i waited 1 hr . and 20 min . for the van to arrive .
the lighting in the gym needs a make over .
" my room keys did not work upon arrival , and i had to return to front desk to get them programmed .
great service from staff at the bar and pizza place generally good service from senior management at hotel very good ambience at bar area room cleanliness and other aspects of room
customer service . front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite
marble floor in shower is dangerous . double sink .
we had to be moved to the 4th floor on the opposite side of the hotel due to a hot water issue and that bed was not as comfortable . loved the water pressure in the shower !
entire facility clean and well maintained .
i need to check out what the rewards are
the internet connection cuts in and out . during check out , front desk said i needed to call a 3rd party vendor . for a two - night stay and busy travel schedule , i really didn ' t have time to spend time with some 3rd party vendor . . .
the room was cleaned to a high standard . tea / coffee making facilities in the room are always appreciated . the breakfast was good .
more variety of daily breakfast or to have the menu to be changed as i was there for 10 days and we were eating almost the same thing every day .
the one we had was old and saggy . complete my profile requested room . i am a platinum member and on my profile we were on the second , right next to the elevator
the hotel is missing a bar for people to congregate apart from a partial beer cooler for 2 hours around 5pm .
checking in smooth .
food was brilliant .
the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . we stayed the night before at a fairfield in toledo for $ 64 less .
we loved the location , the outside pool area and beach . the employees were super wonderful , we stayed for two nights , left on a cruise and came back for another night and everyone remembered us and welcomed us back again .
really ? ? just spent 350 dollars in your hotel .
the bar downstairs - piano was great and service very good . room service food was well presented and very good
i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . housekeeping was great . i received change easily for the coffee main in the lobby . they helped out changing my key that did ' t work .
the beds were the best .
double sink .
the hotel bar have possibility of at least light meals , sandwiches or salads
pretty noisy with kids running up & down hallways from one room to another .
clean and safe environment .
newer facility , nice comfortable rooms , convenient location for my needs . staff are very friendly .
food service was in to big of a hurry to clean up in the morning .
coffee at breakfast was low quality . would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant . evening buffet dinner at the restaurant was not very nice . all the foods had chinese flavours .
so i don ' t have to haul luggage since i plan to come back
no condoms inside the room use it to enter the cold floor water cycle .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . there was only one cinnamon roll . the hotel was not that busy the night we stayed .
better food at the hotel breakfast , go to germany stay in pretty much any hotel and eat the breakfast and you will see the difference .
very quiet and relaxing atmosphere . it is close to the office .
also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . also , as a member , i didnt get any welcome points or complimentary water
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . there was queso , but there were no chips . . . not saying don ' t serve meat , many people dont observe , but perhaps have a non meat choice ?
correct these items : 1 . no ice on our floor . 2 .
coffee at breakfast was low quality . would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant . evening buffet dinner at the restaurant was not very nice . all the foods had chinese flavours . even the western food had a chinese taste , not an authentic western taste . the worst was the icecream , which seemed to have very strange flavours such as durian , onion and red bean .
air cond blew up with a loud boom , followed by a strong smell . changed room a new key didn t work . especially not an express . old facility way below standard .
wifi is signal is poor sometimes . not consistent
the food for dinner was uninspired and more expensive than o expected ( i don t mind paying high prices for good food ) the food at breakfast was much better , so was the service . i m planning a family reunion here in 2020 and hope the dinner food improves before then or we will dine elsewhere for dinner
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the noise from the air conditioning units on the adjacent building was excessively loud and disturbing .
the restaurant bar could do with an overhaul . we had evening drinks there and bar could look nicer though again the staff compensate for the unfinished look of the bar .
i booked thru rewards program but could have gotten the room cheaper if i had waited until arrival .
the sink in my room was basically broke . the window in my room was stuck open and i couldn t shut it the fan in my room would not stay on so it was hot in my room
they kept breaking and were nowhere near as good as coffee from the bar .
we were overcharged & expedia surcharge is / was ridiculous , especially because we actually thought we were making our reservation thru the motel itself - and did not get the discount that was posted on - line
more seating ( other than the high beds and one chair ) , we stayed for 4 nights so wanted to use drawers for clothing . . . but they were not clean .
could not access both sides of both beds due to the smallness of the room . realize this is an old hotel , but perhaps the room could be arranged better for access of bedding .
we were leaving for an early flight ( ergo the hotel by the airport ) and couldn ' t get anything to eat as breakfast service doesn ' t start until 7 . kind of late start for a hotel that caters to travelers .
room temp was 61 with ac on when we arrived .
improve drinks at the bar .
coffee at breakfast was low quality . would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel .
internet connection and a better sign out front
i had to pour boiling water over the oatmeal and add dried fruits and fruits to it - so - so pleasure . . . i ordered breakfasts from vegetarian / vegan cafes for the next four days . it is also a pity that it was not signed ; freshly squeezed juices were poured into decanters , or from packets ; there was no herbal tea .
room service food was well presented and very good
and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster . although i didn t use either , they were backed up quite a bit . for the number of people , an extra would be helpful . but otherwise , breakfast was great and plenty of options . loved our stay
shrimp poboy and chicken sandwich bread were both hard as a rock . need to check food quality before it goes out
customer service .
for that amount of money we expected more .
the staff was very friendly and helped me when needed over the course of my stay .
at breakfast , with another hour for the buffet , i witnessed the manager tell a waitress to take a plate of fruit back to the kitchen .
i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . housekeeping was great . the whole experience met my needs for my 4 day stay !
found a some hair in shower and also a couple containers of bathing minis from previous person which was kinda gross . softer bed . english speaking channels on tv .
the room was a bit worn and dated , also when i booked the room it advertised a dvd player in the room yet my room did not have one . the front desk said that some of the rooms had them and some did
we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend . very friendly and kind . this was really impressive .
easy access of main motorway . room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great . breakfast good selection .
the staff quick action to move my whole family into another family room after i have complained and showed the bed bugs that had bitten me during the first night . the front desk staff has also offered to refund the first night stay .
we had evening drinks there and bar could look nicer though again the staff compensate for the unfinished look of the bar . but again the ambience of the restaurant could be improved without of course increasing the price of food or drinks !
the full service breakfast was an amazing plus ! i have stayed at many holiday inns as i mentioned on my recent review on trip advisory .
easy to access downtown by walking
breakfast was excellent , hospatility was as expected if not better .
the front desk was amazing , but there ' s is a huge need of training for the breakfast personnel . worst service i have ever had in a holiday inn breakfast room . in addition , no one came to clean my room and give me new towels during my stay .
i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room .
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant . evening buffet dinner at the restaurant was not very nice . all the foods had chinese flavours . even the western food had a chinese taste , not an authentic western taste .
convenience to the area .
our rooms were available for early check in so we didn ' t have to worry about storing our luggage
great service at check in , cookies on the counter . comfortable bed .
the service from the point i arrived to when i left was excellent .
i would like to make reservations for breakfast inclusion rates even if using points .
the air con was not working and it wasn t an extremely hot day so the temperature was quite uncomfortable especially at night . this is the main reason for the low rating on meeting my expectations . other than that the stay was great
the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . we stayed the night before at a fairfield in toledo for $ 64 less . the room was larger and also very clean .
more outlets to charge devices near the bed sturdy chair in handicapped room with good reading light .   we did not understand the breakfast voucher plan .
usb chargers in room . more outlets to charge devices near the bed sturdy chair in handicapped room with good reading light .   ( chairs on wheels are not good for handicapped person ) .
the hotel was not that busy the night we stayed .
faster service when we ate breakfast . for awhile , only one waitress .
the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy .
room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great . breakfast good selection . easy reach of attractions in surrounding area . good selection of tv channels . friendly staff in all areas .
the all dasy food menu was excellent , covering all tastes and room service was very prompt and unlike a large number of hotels was hot and well presented .
the restaurant bar could do with an overhaul . we had evening drinks there and bar could look nicer though again the staff compensate for the unfinished look of the bar . the restaurant breakfast / brunch was quite good
i had a family emergency while there and the staff was so very sweet and attentive and caring regarding my situation . ni ordered room service and it was hot fresh and delicious .
there were only meat choices . . .
well maintained facility .
good location , nice room , nice pool , free wifi
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup i asked for chips & was told there weren ' t any ?
update ! hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal . instead of remaking , he just scrapped the mushrooms off the steak and cooked the steak to well done . bartender was cool and bought me some beer but cook should be disciplined .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile .
the room and overall hotel was clean and comfortable .
the service we received , we had a low battery in smoke dector , they came and fixed up asap . the kids loved the pool , breakfast was amazing . hotel room was clean and cozy .
and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster . although i didn t use either , they were backed up quite a bit .
renovated room . it ' s too old . i expected to have slippers at this grade of hotel . the amenities provided are so limited .
very quiet and relaxing atmosphere .
the breakfast included was amazing , lots to choose from and was delicious ! !
a refresh would be a great idea
a better beer selection at the bar .
a door between the bedroom and the sink would prevent everyone waking up when someone uses the bathroom
choice of drinkscat bar very limited shiukd have basic cocktail ingredients at least and cleanliness of throw on bed was poir there was a very obvious blood stain
breakfast was of a very high standard catering for all tastes facilities were very good ( gold course and other ) the package offered and accepted represented extremely good value ( the package included accommodation for two , plus breakfasts , plus a 3 course meal for two , plus helicopter ride , plus wine tour ) .
better coffee machines in the restaurant . they kept breaking and were nowhere near as good as coffee from the bar . children s play area very tired in terms of the toys .
i think there could be more breakfast seating possibly and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster .
i had a suite room and the outer room of the suite was very warm and the air / fan or whatever it was called did not keep the room cool .
" the receptionist was very courteous , friendly , helpful and professional . she made us feel welcome .
bartender was overwhelmed and had troubles all night . pos system was down for both days - made paying a process
attractive finishings in bathroom and nice staff
easy check - in , breakfast cinnamon rolls !
room was large andnew and clean .
it is close to the office .
the lady and gentlemen checking me in the night of my arrival were very courteous and professional .
also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . but they need to improve on their friendliness .
most of the staff were hospitable .
not so overpowering with the air freshener used . it was so bad we had to ask the staff to use something to neutralize the smell .
the team has always been able to accommodate my early check in needs .
internet connection would not hold on laptop .
enjoyed the breakfast and the eating area .
i thought i was going to puke when i rolled over the next morning and there was makeup all over the bottom sheet . i was not wearing makeup . nasty .
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant . the worst was the icecream , which seemed to have very strange flavours such as durian , onion and red bean .
newer decor . free wifi .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher .
the bed in our room on the 7th floor was very comfortable . we had to be moved to the 4th floor on the opposite side of the hotel due to a hot water issue and that bed was not as comfortable . loved the water pressure in the shower !
great breakfast , even on christmas eve and christmas when many were being served .
a better choice of food from bar . we found the bar prices a tad high .
the employees were polite and friendly . the glasses were dirty the suite was over priced . there was blood all over the carpet and not enough lights in parking lot with drug deals going on where my vehicle was parked .
clean rooms with all amenities .
shower temps hot and cold .
1 1 . the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile . the tile grout in the shower was stained . the tub drain looked filthy .
the fire department banging on the door .
glass is totally see through . one night it felt too hot and the other night it was fine .
no ice on our floor . 2 . very dangerous situation with an already injured knee .
real bar of soap and this is a very minor thing .
the service from the point i arrived to when i left was excellent . the two members of staff that stood out are ms laura t franco , she really looked after me and nicola baeoni . everything was as expected and better . breakfast was excellent , hospatility was as expected if not better . it was a pleasure to stay at the hotel .
the overall price for a twin room was reasonable . the room was cleaned to a high standard . tea / coffee making facilities in the room are always appreciated . the reception staff were extremely welcoming and very efficient .
faster checkout times . lifts all working
the beds were comfortable .
well maintained facility . friendly staff . water pressure in shower was great .
not sure . plumbing was bad . . . shower temps hot and cold .
breakfast choices were generally good but i would have preferred to have my cooked breakfast items cooked for me rather than taken from pans being kept warm .
sausage was dry and very spicy .
more attentive service in the main restaurant
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . 3 .
the one we had was old and saggy . i am a platinum member and on my profile
nice pool facilities and great location .
better phone service ( picking up the call would be great ) , better floor arrangement for the breakfast tables , quicker replenish of breakfast items ( there were no forks for a good while ) , perhaps one extra staff member around as backup so the one person attending the front is not overwhelmed .
service excellent , room clean and comfortable breakfast & check in apps and drinks lovely
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit . he lied and said sure that plate was for another party . so when i asked again i was told they were not refilling the fruit .
breakfast choices were generally good the bread for roasting was quite bland .
baggage check in / valet who holds bags .
the air conditioner was drafty while running ( air blasts into room at waist level ) and tended to get too cold before cycling off and then too warm before turning back on .
and served with the same friendly service .
provide more in room facilities ant train staff to be polite
staff were friendly and accommodating . the water in the lobby was delightful . a free breakfast would have been a plus but i am grateful for at least free coffee in the lobby .
no bellboy to assist during arrival
it takes 30 mon to room service to deliver a pizza or a bottle of water same problem for the service at the bar the rooms have no opening windows the rooms have no air and the odor are very bad the prices were very high for everything and the service wasn t following the price level
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal . he messed up other food orders too
the window in my room was stuck open and i couldn t shut it
the breakfast was good .
the one we had was old and saggy . complete my profile requested room . we were on the second , right next to the elevator
the service is great and the rooms very comfortableness and clean , and breakfast is very good .
the prices were very high for everything and the service wasn t following the price level
the bar and the health club . the staff in the bar / restaurant area were lovely . patient , helpful and polite - especially nice as the super bowl was showing .
the hotel is well - located to destination i had for business meetings .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . there was only one cinnamon roll . no oatmeal or pancake batter ( it was not all gone , it was never set out ) . the hotel was not that busy the night we stayed . we came down to breakfast around 7 : 30 and were the only ones there .
restaurant screwed up my meal .
better access to quality destinations with rewards points .
the service running the breakfast area was not done well .
we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend . very friendly and kind . the rooms were really clean and for me as an ocd sufferer thank you
internet connection would not hold on laptop . poor lighting at desk area .
coffee at breakfast was low quality . would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant .
food service was in to big of a hurry to clean up in the morning . i was late to breakfast one morning and only had 10 minutes to get food and most of everything that i eat was gone .
the room i stayed in was really nice and clean .
as you can see , the free breakfast is really important to me : - )
the pool and fitness area was nice .
more attention is needed by cooking staff . breakfast was limited , would like to see more vegetarian options . a door between the bedroom and the sink would prevent everyone waking up when someone uses the bathroom
great service .
for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . no fresh fruit other than that .
great customer service at the desk . made the renovations under way a minor inconvenience and truly appreciated the breakfast coupons . loved the halloween pumpkin contest by the employees . me it feel like it was ran by a true team / family .
breakfast buffet needs improvement . for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering .
the staff was rude , the hotel was dirty and had boxes full of heaters in the lobby . in addition the room was out dated and needed to have new pillows , new pull out coach mattress that included bedding . the tub leaked in the bathroom . breakfast in the morning was cold and poor quality .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . 3 .
would be nice to be able to have access during entire stay without having go and sign in to your site and enter access code .
no left over trash on room floor and bathroom floor . a professional staff that delivers what they promise . no burned out lite bulbs .
other than that the stay was great
the hotel is well - located to destination i had for business meetings . it is great to be connected to all of downtown minneapolis without having to go out doors .
this has always been my favorite hotel in baltimore but had to change rooms three times to find a room with a working heating system . water had to run about 15 minutes to get hot . totally unacceptable .
room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great . breakfast good selection . easy reach of attractions in surrounding area . good selection of tv channels .
convenience to the airport .
fast and easy reservations and check in .
i thought the people above us were moving the furniture around and doing jumping jacks . i would not have stayed here another night in this room !
i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . housekeeping was great . i received change easily for the coffee main in the lobby . the whole experience met my needs for my 4 day stay !
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal . instead of remaking , he just scrapped the mushrooms off the steak and cooked the steak to well done . bartender was cool and bought me some beer but cook should be disciplined .
we booked the king executive room and it exceeded our expectations .
i asked the manager if there would be more fruit .
the overall price for a twin room was reasonable . the room was cleaned to a high standard . tea / coffee making facilities in the room are always appreciated . the reception staff were extremely welcoming and very efficient . the breakfast was good .
pretty rough area in the lobby
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) this wont keep me from staying , i just thought it odd .
my membership was not on file on arrival . .
parking is too expensive and hotel does not offer security for it , should be complementary for guests .
the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . we stayed the night before at a fairfield in toledo for $ 64 less . the food and seating area were just as nice . for that amount of money we expected more .
a varied and tasty breakfast .
it takes 30 mon to room service to deliver a pizza or a bottle of water same problem for the service at the bar the rooms have no opening windows the rooms have no air and the odor are very bad
could not access both sides of both beds due to the smallness of the room .
changed room a new key didn t work . especially not an express .
clean sheets and properly working equipment . . . . i thought i was going to puke when i rolled over the next morning
the vent / fan cover was off in the bathroom . obviously , the mechanism hadn ' t been cleaned in years .
the sink in my room was basically broke . the window in my room was stuck open and i couldn t shut it so there was noise from the traffic all night .
but it was busy with halloween and bengals game .
it ' s too old .
the food was all processed and salty .
excellent service by the lady who checked us in and the lady who checked us out . breakfast was excellent , pool great , room cleaning great and hotel environment great . it was a happy stay .
air was either on ( and very cold ) or completely off .
warm water takes very long to come in ; sticky floor in the breakfast area , with low quality plastic cutlery ; laundry service was not brought into my room but i had to ask the lobby ; one night , by bed was not made .
house service repeatedly knocked on my door early one morning to bring a breakfast that i didn ' t order .
the staff were very friendly and helpful .
the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . we stayed the night before at a fairfield in toledo for $ 64 less . the food and seating area were just as nice . the room was larger and also very clean .
services that use points for hotel accommodation are thankfully used frequently . however , except for the rate with breakfast , the basic breakfast is separately paid . i would like to make reservations for breakfast inclusion rates even if using points .
road noise from window that was shut but sounded as if it was open ? noise from people in corridor outside . . we had no sleep ! , there was a high pitched noise when water was used ?
the air conditioner was drafty while running ( air blasts into room at waist level ) and tended to get too cold before cycling off and then too warm before turning back on . i had to operate the thermostat manually to stay comfortable .
getting a concierge for luggage carrying
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 3 .
couldn t do more for us . very comfortable room .
the wrong bar menu was in my room
and i was coming down with had to wrap up in outside wear and socks and retreat to the bed to keep warm .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the noise from the air conditioning units on the adjacent building was excessively loud and disturbing .
our service was friendly , prompt , and we were greeted with smiling , friendly personnel for our entire stay .
breakfast : get rid of the pancake machine - the batter / pancakes come out yucky . a belgian waffle maker would be so much better ! also , get a better brand of english muffins -
comfortable bed . big room . breakfast served early .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . there was queso , but there were no chips . . . i asked for chips & was told there weren ' t any ? not saying don ' t serve meat , many people dont observe , but perhaps have a non meat choice ?
2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . 4 )
3 .
the towels were also worn and old .
need to have points avlible at check in
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . the hotel was not that busy the night we stayed .
more attention is needed by cooking staff . a door between the bedroom and the sink would prevent everyone waking up when someone uses the bathroom
lifts have been broken since october .
the amenities provided are so limited .
better quality food at breakfast , more updated rooms , nicer front desk staff
hospitality and friendliness of the staff .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . not saying don ' t serve meat , many people dont observe , but perhaps have a non meat choice ?
exercise facilities and cleanliness of hotel in general
great service . i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . housekeeping was great .
excellent and genuine customer service from all front line staff . from reception to the waiters in the bar and the restaurant and from the valet at the door till the house keeping staff in the corridors . well done ! rooms were well appointed , very clean and the bed comfort was excellent !
for the room to smell normal .
the rooms were quiet .
the bar and restaurant service was awful .
the beds were comfortable . the rooms were quiet .
and the staff was so very sweet and attentive and caring regarding my situation . and it was hot fresh and delicious .
the bed in our room on the 7th floor was very comfortable .
i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . i received change easily for the coffee main in the lobby .
access to restaurants , shopping and business
i think the tavern is getting a little shabby the chairs in the bar were all worn out and had holes in the upholstery a refresh would be a great idea
the touch lamp was a great addition to the work area . the lounge chair was just a wonderful place to sit and relax .
road noise from window that was shut but sounded as if it was open ? noise from people in corridor outside . .
carrying a small child and luggage up to the third floor was a pain .
clean rooms . newer decor . breakfast . free wifi .
found a some hair in shower and also a couple containers of bathing minis from previous person which was kinda gross . softer bed . english speaking channels on tv . screen on door / window so could have fresh air without bugs coming in .
if the thermostat worked better .
there were zero bottles of any beer , two dinner items i asked about , they were out . at breakfast , advertised buffet , no buffet , no sausage , no potatoes .
mushrooms and / or tomatoes for breakfast .
no left over trash on room floor and bathroom floor . a professional staff that delivers what they promise .
too busy for the facilities reception bar etc too many non hotel people gatecrashing hotel facilities had to wait 35 mins to be served a drink in eclipse bar
the bathroom was very dated , the blockout blinds did not block out all of the light and there was an air vent that was quite noisy all night .
i have stayed at many holiday inns as i mentioned on my recent review on trip advisory .
a professional staff that delivers what they promise .
there were ants in our bathroom . fortunately , there were never many at one time , and we know they can be hard to get rid of , but we would prefer not to have ants . i really can ' t think of anything else , though . we loved our stay .
breakfast buffet needs improvement . for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . bananas were very freckled . no fresh fruit other than that .
they charged me $ 17 . 00 more than what was shown on your web site . seemed like a bait and switch kinda deal to me . other than that i was very pleased .
fast check in , convenient , free parking
both days the cooked breakfast was cold and myself and others complained . we told staff but no one seemed to bother too much or any improvement occur . also our request of a roll away bed was not auctioned until we highlighted this .
staff were friendly and accommodating . the water in the lobby was delightful .
would be nice to have the new chip card for rooms instead of the old magnetic strip . would also be nice to be able to use the app to enter your room as well
room a bit worn ( bath tub , doors old fashioned )
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile .
i had to pour boiling water over the oatmeal and add dried fruits and fruits to it - so - so pleasure . . .
bar menu should be improved . wine selection was poor and pricey .   ( especially the bali wine could be a lot cheaper as i know places that serve the same wine with much lower price . )
there was no theme or focus and perhaps the bar staff could be more engaging especially as there was little atmosphere .
well maintained facility . friendly staff . water pressure in shower was great . breakfast was good .
softer bed . english speaking channels on tv . so could have fresh air without bugs coming in .
the two members of staff that stood out are ms laura t franco , she really looked after me and nicola baeoni . everything was as expected and better . breakfast was excellent , hospatility was as expected if not better . it was a pleasure to stay at the hotel .
the two members of staff that stood out are ms laura t franco , she really looked after me and nicola baeoni . everything was as expected and better . breakfast was excellent , hospatility was as expected if not better .
i didn t understand how the windows all looked out on this depressing empty square of empty buildings .
beautiful room , well maintained , comfortable bed
a better choice of food from bar .
the hallways are so hot - like a sauna , and working tvs !
they appear to be cooking mounds of food early am and then holding it in the back and keep adding to the buffet as needed .
they charged me $ 17 . 00 more than what was shown on your web site .
i thought the people above us were moving the furniture around and doing jumping jacks . this went on till 1 : 30am and started again at 6 : 30am . i would not have stayed here another night in this room !
continental breakfast should be free and more selections and fresh our room was too far from elevator better reservation method . . . . .
from reservation process to check in to check out and customer service , all exceptional and professional !
the hotel was dirty . the sink in my room was basically broke . the window in my room was stuck open and i couldn t shut it
the carpet was very stained , kinda looked gross .
heating system was awful . this has always been my favorite hotel in baltimore but had to change rooms three times to find a room with a working heating system . water had to run about 15 minutes to get hot .
quit , no long waits at checkin counter
they did not have enough luggage carts .
very nice , comfortable , easy to check in
the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . the shop is well stocked with a good variety of good quality curios and other items .
fix fan in room i stayed the cover is gone noisy
i would not have stayed here another night in this room !
the food at the bar was well prepared and the bartender was extremely nice . the cooks did well on my specific request on seasoning on the food . great job
and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster . but otherwise , breakfast was great and plenty of options .
they were frozen and would take forever to thaw . should have food of all kinds available if on the menu .
the staff are all amazing . great reception and bar staff and the rooms are always clean
this would allow higher revenue as well as larger audiences for the musicians .
no ice on our floor . 2 . no shower mat for bathtub . floor of bathtub had no texture and was very slippery . had to use towel bath mat while we showered .
1 ) the pool area had some mold or rust growing in some areas 2 ) the beds were hard 3 )
the hotel fire alarm went off @ 1 : 45 a . m m . due to something going on in the room next to ours .
heating in the room . . it was a fairly cold evening when i stayed
comfortable beds nice bathroom
the service was outstanding . the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome . the room was very comfortable . the sports bar has a great relaxed atmosphere . the shop is well stocked with a good variety of good quality curios and other items . food / meals were excellent .
we were not aware or the industrial cleaning evening when we could not use the bar / dining area to sit in .
at breakfast , with another hour for the buffet , i witnessed the manager tell a waitress to take a plate of fruit back to the kitchen . there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit .
the service was not at the same level of any other holiday inn i stayed . warm water takes very long to come in ; sticky floor in the breakfast area , with low quality plastic cutlery ; laundry service was not brought into my room
evening buffet dinner at the restaurant was not very nice .
a smooth check in process , functioning room card system , and better housekeeping service ( on time )
the bar / restaurant should be closed . there were zero bottles of any beer , two dinner items i asked about , they were out .
room was small for two double beds . could not access both sides of both beds due to the smallness of the room . realize this is an old hotel , but perhaps the room could be arranged better for access of bedding .
the room was clean , the bed was comfortable and the bathroom had all amenities . staff were extremely friendly and welcoming .
also our request of a roll away bed was not auctioned until we highlighted this .
would also be nice to be able to use the app to enter your room as well so you don ' t even need a room key . very small .
nice room and facilities , beautiful grounds
the refrigerator was so loud it kept me up at night , so i turned it off . the hospitality staff was a + , but the housekeeping staff wasn ' t at the same level .
check in was fast and very good service !
excellent and genuine customer service from all front line staff . from reception to the waiters in the bar and the restaurant and from the valet at the door till the house keeping staff in the corridors .
the tile grout in the shower was stained .
continental no variation .
internet connection would not hold on laptop . room temp was 61 with ac on when we arrived . poor lighting at desk area . no one knew how to change to 12 hour display .
customer service was excellent , and the bed was comfortable . breakfast was of quality , and the waitress left the pot of coffee on the table . i watched a new hire being trained on the buffet line by the chef . the training was being monitored by an independent supervisor . i was impressed with this level of supervision being provided to insure quality food service .
beautiful little beach town ; wish could open window for fresh air . cleaning a bit better .
for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . bananas were very freckled . no fresh fruit other than that . bread selection good use a boost . . . put some healthier breads out instead of mostly white bread . more jam than just strawberry and grape .
if the sink area was in with the tub and commode in the bathroom . wish there was a waffle maker in the breakfast area , along with an instant oatmeal assortment . thought the dining chairs and drapes were a bit too heavy and gaudy .
the location of this hotel was perfect . the concierge and front desk staff were awesome !
both elevators were out of order . they didn t tell us until we brought all of our luggage inside .
larger elevators .
the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome . the room was very comfortable . food / meals were excellent .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite did doors did not lock . when i asked for an 1 / 2 hour later check out , i was denied .
the hotel had nice decor , accessible nice gym , and really comfortable pillows .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . not acceptable .
front desk was great , room was spotless , valet was excellent , bar was cool too
the air in the rooms not fresh
the bedding is worn out and needs to be replaced
every staff member we encountered was extremely friendly and professional .
apart from that rooms and front desk girls were great . breakfast was good value .
2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . 3 ) no condoms inside the room use it to enter the cold floor water cycle . 4 ) the tv did not work .
i request a room on the higher floor away from the elevator .
glass is totally see through . you can totally hear the sound from inside . one night it felt too hot and the other night it was fine .
changed room a new key didn t work . we only stay in express and expect a higher standard which it was not .
cheaper room prices when booking through points .
expedia surcharge is / was ridiculous , especially because we actually thought we were making our reservation thru the motel itself - and did not get the discount that was posted on - line
airport shuttle . public transport voucher .
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant . evening buffet dinner at the restaurant was not very nice . even the western food had a chinese taste , not an authentic western taste .
very convenient location . nice lobby area .
everything . from reservation process to check in to check out and customer service , all exceptional and professional !
easy check in spread of breakfast buffet
the food was cold . they appear to be cooking mounds of food early am and then holding it in the back and keep adding to the buffet as needed . the new food brought out and added to the buffet is cold so that is how i know it
found a some hair in shower and also a couple containers of bathing minis from previous person which was kinda gross .
and the staff was so very sweet and attentive and caring regarding my situation .
and i was coming down with a cold . . . radiator was off and air con was blowing out cold air .
i stayed on ash wednesday . there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . there was queso , but there were no chips . . . i asked for chips & was told there weren ' t any ?
shuttle service was great and asian restaurant in hotel
we loved the location , the outside pool area and beach .
we ordered room service , the food was great and arrived piping hot .
did not give me change for my food or even ask if i wanted a receipt he went straight to the back of the bar to get his starbucks drink that a coworker brought him and it was a pretty rude experience
carpet is dirty . the air in the rooms not fresh
your facility boasts a fully stocked kitchen which prompted us to choose this location over others in our area . however there are some items not included in the kitchen that are standard such as a kettle and cheese grater .
staff on bar to be more timely and heating to be turned down in the bar area .
housekeeping was great .
the staff was very friendly and helpful . it was nice to have a restaurant and bar inside the facility and that the bar stayed open late .
also the shower head was not properly installed and spraying water everywhere at the point where the shower head pipe threads into the 90 in the wall .
i don ' t know ; maybe a young man to carry bags for an old person ! !
the breakfast buffet was good and dinner food was fresh and tasted excellent .
not sure who designed the bathroom shower but the shower head and water controls need to be on the same wall of the shower . having the shower head on one wall and the water control valve on the opposite wall makes it very difficult .
update !
glass is totally see through . air con doesnt work good .
elevator was very slow , normally i take the stairs but when dragging baggage it is nearly a must .
the food for dinner was uninspired and more expensive than o expected ( i don t mind paying high prices for good food )
better breakfast . i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard .
high - quality cleaning of the room and timely filling it with all the necessary accessories : shampoos , toothpaste , drinking water .
the water in the lobby was delightful .
i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste but it would have been nice to catch the news . also apparently there was an issue with the circulating hot domestic water . many hotels offer complimentary breakfast buffet .
hotel is dark and old . elevator was slow .
clean rooms , clean sheets / towels , smelled fresh .
the bar that opens and closes the curtain was broken or the light board indicating the direction of the emergency exit of the corridor was off , so please fix it .
the pool and fitness area was nice . loved the breakfast items .
this hotel need a few touch ups ! !
the service from the point i arrived to when i left was excellent . the two members of staff that stood out are ms laura t franco , she really looked after me and nicola baeoni .
bar open earlier
the staff was very friendly , professional and helpful . the room was very comfortable and clean . i also ordered room service and it was delicious ! thank you so much !
great shuttle service to airport .
a better bar menu
the onsite bar and restaraunt were nice nd
room was spacious and laid out well .
1 1 ) improved food served in the restaurant . 2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay .
bar food not as good as it used to be . breakfast coffee disappointing
the restaurant bar could do with an overhaul . we had evening drinks there and bar could look nicer though again the staff compensate for the unfinished look of the bar . the restaurant breakfast / brunch was quite good but again the ambience of the restaurant could be improved without of course increasing the price of food or drinks !
she made us feel welcome .
the facilities were clean , the pool area was perfect , the room was spacious and my family and i were comfortable , the hotel is in a very good area , lots of amenities surrounding it , breakfast was amazing , delicious and fresh .
not so overpowering with the air freshener used . they sprayed smoke eliminator twice
the only issue really was the door on the room ata gap that allowed a lot of noise from the hall way and there was a big party there and they were pretty loud in the halls and the bathtub needs some updated chaulk around the seals
the room smelled strongly of paint , head board torn up , and the bites that i had on my legs were unacceptable . yes , i did call after the stay . so clean up and earn the money that is required to rent this !
public transport voucher .
wish there was a waffle maker in the breakfast area , along with an instant oatmeal assortment . thought the dining chairs and drapes were a bit too heavy and gaudy .
it was 10 minutes from my brother ' s house in port st . lucie and our family enjoyed time together without traveling far .
went to dinner and really wanted the steak . they were frozen and would take forever to thaw . crazy !
at breakfast , with another hour for the buffet , i witnessed the manager tell a waitress to take a plate of fruit back to the kitchen . there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit . he lied and said sure that plate was for another party .
convenience to my conference sight - ease of access and parking
service was completely top notch . each and every staff member was pleasant and extremely helpful . the facility itself was very clean and all amenities were excellent , including the breakfast and evening meals . keep up the amazing work .
a newer building with sound proof windows . never returning to that location . the only saving grace was my stay at the seattle downtown location the next day .
and i was coming down with
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . the tub drain looked filthy .
customer service was wonderful , breakfast was amazing , and the room went over my standards .
the food in the bar was very nice for dinner , and breakfast was great also . staff were very friendly and efficient courtesy bus provided rewards card
update ! hotel is dark and old .
we booked the king executive room and it exceeded our expectations . like the 2 pillow firm or soft .
a new bed . the one we had was old and saggy . complete my profile requested room . i am a platinum member and on my profile i request a room on the higher floor away from the elevator .
the vent / fan cover was off in the bathroom . recommend that all the bathroom vents are cleaned !
it would be good to be able to control the air and temperature and turn it off at night .
room service would be an added plus for this hotel .
renovated room . it ' s too old . i expected to have slippers at this grade of hotel .
1 ) the pool area had some mold or rust growing in some areas 2 )
easy access of main motorway .
there were only meat choices . . . ( both looked delicious ! )
never returning to that location . the only saving grace was my stay at the seattle downtown location the next day .
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal . i saw others at the bar shaking their heads and complains their food was wrong too .
the food was cold . they appear to be cooking mounds of food early am and then holding it in the back and keep adding to the buffet as needed . s sitting in the back .
expanded bar menu
my son found a plastic piece in his scrambled eggs . more attention is needed by cooking staff . breakfast was limited , would like to see more vegetarian options . room service did not show up until we requested . a door between the bedroom and the sink would prevent everyone waking up when someone uses the bathroom
better breakfast options such as variety of fruits , cereal , and bread also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . overall , the hotel staff was very cordial , but they need to improve on their friendliness . when i was checking out , i asked the hotel staff assistance with the computer and she wasn ' t customer service oriented nor friendly . also , as a member , i didnt get any welcome points or complimentary water
1 1 . the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile . the tile grout in the shower was stained . the tub drain looked filthy . 3 .
a few bugs in the room . . . maybe bugs could be removed . . . . . should check toilet before next person . . . .
warm water takes very long to come in ; sticky floor in the breakfast area , with low quality plastic cutlery ; laundry service was not brought into my room
pretty noisy with kids running up & down hallways from one room to another . it was christmas weekend , so there were families in different places and kids were allowed to run wild .
breakfast needs to start at 6am .
the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . the food and seating area were just as nice .
heating in the room . . it was a fairly cold evening when i stayed and i was coming down with a cold . . . radiator was off and air con was blowing out cold air . had to wrap up in outside wear and socks and retreat to the bed to keep warm .
my only issue was breakfast in the restaurant ,   [ after explaining to the young assistant that i don ' t eat large breakfast ] she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu
highly professional , friendly , hospitable staff in the reservation department , at the reception and in the night bar .
a refrigerator and microwave in the room maybe more stations or channels on the television the walls in the bathroom looked as if they were starting to have black mold or weren ' t clean or just old and rotted some places look rotted
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal . bartender was cool and bought me some beer but cook should be disciplined .
perhaps may be because am black .
it was 10 minutes from my brother ' s house in
appreciated that there was a microwave and refrigerator in the room if i had a need for these . there were plenty of towels and wash cloths available in the room . good amenities in the room .
in addition , no one came to clean my room and give me new towels during my stay .
convenient walk to local attractions .
faster service when we ate breakfast . for awhile , only one waitress . not sure what the person ' s job was that seated us , but she had plenty of time to get coffee and do other jobs .
coffee at breakfast was low quality . would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant . evening buffet dinner at the restaurant was not very nice . all the foods had chinese flavours . even the western food had a chinese taste , not an authentic western taste .
very nice room and restaurant and bar has a great atmosphere and good service .
if my plugs worked when i got to the room ( they were fixed ) and if my plugs worked in the bathroom ( they never worked ) . if there were more accessible outlets . if the thermostat worked better . the price of parking wasn ' t so high .
also my internet connection was fairly noisy on both wired and wireless , so i couldn ' t do anything that required a stable connection ( such as play online games ) .
also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . overall , the hotel staff was very cordial , but they need to improve on their friendliness . when i was checking out , i asked the hotel staff assistance with the computer and she wasn ' t customer service oriented nor friendly .
the fact that they have a bar is awesome , so i m really splitting hairs here .
felt secure .
bartender was overwhelmed and had troubles all night .
plumbing was bad . . . shower temps hot and cold . a few bugs in the room . . . maybe bugs could be removed . . . . . should check toilet before next person . . . .
it was quite empty and not inviting .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . we came down to breakfast around 7 : 30 and were the only ones there .
update ! hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow .
it was so bad we had to ask the staff to use something to neutralize the smell .
room 322 smelled like mildew . mold or black mold in the bathroom . i have pictures . late booking late arrival it s still charge me full price . things need to change or i will not be back as a return customer as i previous have been .
nightstand clock set on 24 hour display .
the bar area closest to reception was rather bare , bright and soulless .
the bar with the live nightly music could have better seating configuration to allow far more seating capacity .
great service at check in , cookies on the counter . comfortable bed . big room .
would be nice to have the new chip card for rooms instead of the old magnetic strip . would also be nice to be able to use the app to enter your room as well so you don ' t even need a room key .
room service could be better . there was no cream for our coffee ; no salt or pepper for eggs and potatoes .
3 )
breakfast was of quality , and the waitress left the pot of coffee on the table . i watched a new hire being trained on the buffet line by the chef . the training was being monitored by an independent supervisor . i was impressed with this level of supervision being provided to insure quality food service .
wish there was a waffle maker in the breakfast area , along with an instant oatmeal assortment .
i was not wearing makeup .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . there was only one cinnamon roll .
they were frozen and would take forever to thaw . however , the manager haley took great care of us .
appreciated that there was a microwave and refrigerator in the room if i had a need for these . good amenities in the room .
in addition the room was out dated and needed to have new pillows , new pull out coach mattress that included bedding . the tub leaked in the bathroom .
finally the hand wash and shower wash was empty
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile .
a review of prices for food , as there were times you felt you were being charged as a captive audience . the price for a buffet meal was a bit expensive considering what was on offer .
bartender was cool and bought me some beer but cook should be disciplined .
breakfast eggs were not tasty ( no flavor - - kinda like cardboard ) ; you probably can ' t do much about the parking , but if we got back to the hotel later than 9 pm it was a problem to find a close place for someone with balance problems and a cane or walker ( also limited handicapped parking )
needs better wifi coverage and speed , and also need in - room lan / ethernet connection for secure internet browsing .
i loved the convenient access to the milwaukee rep theater locations and to downtown parking , the price was great , the room had a nice view , and everything was very clean and well - decorated ! the kilowatt restaurant provided a lovely breakfast .
better service during breakfast , tables were not cleaned , no silverware , food was cold no one to help . you ' re going to say you had large groups so if you knew it then you should have had more staff on those days .
big room .
cleaner facility and a properly maintained fitness center
convenient position for town , busses , trains and airport .
rooms had a musty smell .
the hotel was not a clean as i expected it to be . there was torn wallpaper near the elevator and the hallways and gym were very hot and humid .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the noise from the air conditioning units on the adjacent building was excessively loud and disturbing .
pancake machine longer restaurant hours better menu options better night staff renovated rooms like in holiday inn express better bath spa products better and softer bed . very sore neck and back
the bar area was understaff but it was busy with halloween and bengals game . the bar it s self needed lots of restocking as most things on the menu were unavailable .
option of a bigger bed . road noise from window that was shut but sounded as if it was open ? noise from people in corridor outside . . we had no sleep ! noise from bathroom upstairs , there was a high pitched noise when water was used ?
air cond blew up with a loud boom , followed by a strong smell . changed room a new key didn t work .
for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . bananas were very freckled . no fresh fruit other than that . bread selection good use a boost . . . put some healthier breads out instead of mostly white bread .
room service was very prompt and unlike a large number of hotels was hot and well presented .
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . instead of remaking , he just scrapped the mushrooms off the steak and cooked the steak to well done .
bathroom needs more hooks and counter space , lights behind headboard and tv - had hard rime figuring how to turn them off .
the vent / fan cover was off in the bathroom . obviously , the mechanism hadn ' t been cleaned in years . this is not only an allergy issue but potential for fire .
the staff in the bar / restaurant area were lovely .
the rooms was beautiful and the food was amazing . awesome customer service .
bathroom also needs updated .
would be nice if gym hours were ! accessable 24hrs a day instead of from 9am till 9pm .
availability of beach chairs and umbrellas
. also the cleaning lady walked into the room at 830am . dinner at the restaurant was horrible dumped butter on everything to try to make it taste better
the food in the cafe and bar was very good . the staff at the front desk were friendly , professional and courteous as well as helpful ( rob , amanda , elizabeth and andre ( the shuttle driver )
the elevators weren t working .
the rooms given to us this time were not upto the mark . curtains
nice pool .
we had breakfast two mornings , and the food was cooked perfectly to order .
the hot breakfast items ( eggs , sausage ) could have been warmer and tastier
the room was well kept and fairly modern .
beach access near casinos clean breakfast
room service food that we ordered the first time was fresh and tasty .
items on food menu were not available , this happens a lot . lifts have been broken since october . service charge added for a bar meal eaten in the bar ?
nasty .
excellent service and help given by all members of staff with whom we came into contact . the cleanliness in all areas of the hotel , the efficiency of re stocking breakfast items and clearing of tables with minimum of fuss , plus the wide choice and excellent value for money of breakfast foods offered . easy to understand air conditioning controls , comfortable beds and bedroom .
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . he messed up other food orders too
i actually made some complaints when checking out the guy at the reception overall we were disappointed because we expected better service from a holiday inn
the lighting in the bath rooms could be better .
the bar food was terrible , i ordered a pizza which was clearly a chicago town frozen pizza you can get at a supermarket for 4 and it cost 15 ! also the service in the bar was slow .
heat - - - way too hot - - kept trying to turn down thermostat but it always went back up to 72 immediately .
and there was a big party there
the bar and bar food was decent and the staff were helpful and nice .
a review of prices for food , as there were times you felt you were being charged as a captive audience . the price for a buffet meal was a bit expensive considering what was on offer . a la carte worked out better for us , but left us limited on options over a 10 day stay .
1 1 ) improved food served in the restaurant . 2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . 3 )
bar menu should be improved . wine selection was poor and pricey .  
i actually made some complaints when checking out the guy at the reception wrote them overall we were disappointed because we expected better service from a holiday inn
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile . 3 .
the sink in my room was basically broke . the window in my room was stuck open and i couldn t shut it
the bed in our room on the 7th floor was very comfortable . we had to be moved to the 4th floor on the opposite side of the hotel due to a hot water issue and that bed was not as comfortable .
wifi is signal is poor sometimes .
the food ordered was hot and exceptionally tasty .
a varied and tasty breakfast . powerful centralized air conditioning system .
for the room to smell normal . not so overpowering with the air freshener used . it was so bad we had to ask the staff to use something to neutralize the smell . they sprayed smoke eliminator twice but it was still strong the next day .
a lobby bar to have after work drinks and better breakfast options ( food was incredibly bland ) .
when using bar / terrace area had to wait and asked 3 differents waiters for a double expresso ! otherwise any experience with restaurant were fine - service wise .
generally , the services you provide are quite satisfactory .
road noise from window that was shut but sounded as if it was open ? noise from people in corridor outside . . we had no sleep ! noise from bathroom upstairs
update ! hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal . instead of remaking , he just scrapped the mushrooms off the steak and cooked the steak to well done . bartender was cool and bought me some beer but cook should be disciplined . he messed up other food orders too i saw others at the bar shaking their heads and complains their food was wrong too .
air conditioning system seemed broken . air was either on ( and very cold ) or completely off . the wall thermostat did not seem to work .
the people taking care of breakfast need to watch the food trays to keep them filled in a timely manner and not wait until the trays are empty , then take quite a few minutes to refill . also making sure the utensil trays are filled , without having to be asked three times to refill .
hotel is dark and old . instead of remaking , he just scrapped the mushrooms off the steak and cooked the steak to well done .
correct these items : 1 . no ice on our floor . 2 . no shower mat for bathtub . floor of bathtub had no texture and was very slippery . very dangerous situation with an already injured knee . had to use towel bath mat while we showered .
room was small for two double beds . could not access both sides of both beds due to the smallness of the room . realize this is an old hotel , but perhaps the room could be arranged better for access of bedding . also betting was thin .
the food at bar louie was great
the full service breakfast was an amazing plus ! i have stayed at many holiday inns as i mentioned on my recent review on trip advisory . the staff , the crown and moose the ladies in the breakfast room amazing comfortable beds . quiet
but the bar and the restaurant were not that nice . perhaps may be because am black .
i have a toddler so having that in the room helps a lot with milk and other small things .
the food service and bar service was exceptionally slow . food all came out at different times and it took over 15 minutes to get a drink from the bar
pancake machine very sore neck and back
the room was cleaned to a high standard . tea / coffee making facilities in the room are always appreciated .
i loved the convenient access to the milwaukee rep theater locations and to downtown parking , the price was great , the room had a nice view , and everything was very clean and well - decorated !
there were only meat choices . . . so , i ' m not sure why there was queso ?
but they were not clean . we were surprised at this .
fast and easy check inn , friendly staff .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . there was only one cinnamon roll . we came down to breakfast around 7 : 30 and were the only ones there .
bar areas warmer
breakfast was good .
convenience to the airport . clean and safe environment .
the room smelled strongly of paint , head board torn up , and the bites that i had on my legs were unacceptable . yes , i did call after the stay .
did doors did not lock .
usb chargers in room . more outlets to charge devices near the bed sturdy chair in handicapped room with good reading light .   ( chairs on wheels are not good for handicapped person ) . we did not understand the breakfast voucher plan .
the rooms weren ' t clean . the overall appearance was shoddy . the fixtures and fittings were in a very bad condition , with dirty carpets , broken bathroom tiles and a divan bed that was falling apart . the towels were also worn and old .
service was amazing ! rooms and common areas are always immaculate and food and drink service is fantastic !
for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering .
would be nice if complimentary breakfasts would open at 5 : 30 to accommodate workers who stay there and work 12 daylight shifts instead of 6 : 30am .
that was not the case this time .
they were frozen and would take forever to thaw . crazy ! however , the manager haley took great care of us .
renovated room . it ' s too old .
better kids buffet - mash as well as chips , more veg choices , chicken leg and other non - fried mains .
but it was never picked up
i liked the nice cute atmosphere of the entrance area and room i stayed in .
update ! hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal . instead of remaking , he just scrapped the mushrooms off the steak and cooked the steak to well done . bartender was cool and bought me some beer but cook should be disciplined . he messed up other food orders too
the service , cleanliness , and breakfast were all very good .
if my non - smoking room didn ' t smell like smoke .
beautiful facility , clean room , great staff
more english channels - only news based channels available .
english speaking channels on tv .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard .
the one we had was old and saggy . complete my profile requested room . i am a platinum member and on my profile
keep up the amazing work .
i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste also apparently there was an issue with the circulating hot domestic water .
a belgian waffle maker would be so much better !
powerful centralized air conditioning system .
it ' s too old . i also stayed at crown ' s plaza when travelled to hong kong , the services and variety of food are much better .
great service .
i had a family emergency while there and the staff was so very sweet and attentive and caring regarding my situation .
faucets in the bathroom
wifi that works on two cell phones and one ipad
air cond blew up with a loud boom , followed by a strong smell .
no ice on our floor . 2 . floor of bathtub had no texture and was very slippery .
convenient walk to local attractions . very friendly staff .
my only issue was breakfast in the restaurant ,   [ after explaining to the young assistant that i don ' t eat large breakfast ] she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu ie . continental no variation .
the facility was beautiful and centrally located .
coffee at breakfast was low quality .
1 1 . the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down .
more attention is needed by cooking staff .
the employees were polite and friendly . there was blood all over the carpet and not enough lights in parking lot with drug deals going on where my vehicle was parked .
better lighting in the bedrooms - i have to sit in the dining area to read the paper .
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal .
bar open until announce opening hours and not clossed due to what ever holiday
overall great experience honestly . front desk was great , room was spotless , valet was excellent , bar was cool too
clean and well laid out with friendly people .
at breakfast , with another hour for the buffet , i witnessed the manager tell a waitress to take a plate of fruit back to the kitchen . there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit . he lied and said sure that plate was for another party . no more fruit at 1000 . so when i asked again i was told they were not refilling the fruit . really ?
cheaper prices at the bar , more teas & coffees in the rooms . i like my tea !
courteous staff easy checkin clean hitel
food choices in bar area .
if the renovation that is going on cleaned up the rooms a bit it would help . filthy carpet , musty smell in the room was almost unbearable it was from the air conditioning unit . bathroom really needs ventilation mold on the ceiling
the air conditioning cannot be adjusted properly
the room was clean , the bed was comfortable and the bathroom had all amenities . staff were extremely friendly and welcoming . i loved that the bar stayed open until two in the morning .
bathroom floor was sticky . internet connection would not hold on laptop . room temp was 61 with ac on when we arrived . poor lighting at desk area .
we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend . this was really impressive .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile . the tile grout in the shower was stained .
no left over trash on room floor and bathroom floor .
plumbing was bad . . . shower temps hot and cold .
loved the breakfast items .
i actually made some complaints when checking out the guy at the reception wrote them but nobody even bothered to contact me . overall we were disappointed because we expected better service from a holiday inn
the batter / pancakes come out yucky . a belgian waffle maker would be so much better ! as you can see , the free breakfast is really important to me : - )
elevators were slow and always packed after 15 min of waiting we took the stairs with our luggage
the overall price for a twin room was reasonable . the room was cleaned to a high standard . tea / coffee making facilities in the room are always appreciated .
- cuts to the feet could have been an issue , so we placed a towel over the area of concern .
proximity to airport , cleanliness and ability to leave my vehicle with shuttle service available
often had to wait through three elevator calls and arrivals for one to have room .
would be nice if all the exterior building entrances worked properly with room key to enter . would be nice if gym hours were ! accessable 24hrs a day instead of from 9am till 9pm .
bar staff could be a little more attentive and meals took a while to be ready
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . no oatmeal or pancake batter ( it was not all gone , it was never set out ) .
the breakfast was disappointing .
the batter / pancakes come out yucky . a belgian waffle maker would be so much better ! also , get a better brand of english muffins - these ones tasted awful ( i didn ' t know you could have bad english muffins ) . as you can see , the free breakfast is really important to me : - )
arrived to easy check - in an room upgrade
softer beds , they were quite hard and out dated .
the food was all processed and salty . the food and seating area were just as nice .
if the price showed on the internet was what i was charged when i made my booking . they charged me $ 17 . 00 more than what was shown on your web site . seemed like a bait and switch kinda deal to me .
this room was disgusting !
our late check in was accommodated .
great customer service at the desk . made the renovations under way a minor inconvenience and truly appreciated the breakfast coupons . loved the halloween pumpkin contest by the employees . me
i stick to vegan food and was upset about the lack of breakfast choices for me . i had to pour boiling water over the oatmeal and add dried fruits and fruits to it - so - so pleasure . . . i ordered breakfasts from vegetarian / vegan cafes for the next four days . it is also a pity that it was not signed ; freshly squeezed juices were poured into decanters , or from packets ; there was no herbal tea .
fix the buffet breakfast . the food was cold .
the staff was very friendly , professional and helpful . the room was very comfortable and clean . i also ordered room service and it was delicious !
the bar on the 55 - 56 floor could have both floors open at all times - one for music , dancing , entertainment and one for quieter seated non - smoking space .
the hotel is well - located to destination i had for business meetings . it is great to be connected to all of downtown minneapolis without having to go out doors . access to restaurants , shopping and business destinations is a great value
the staff was very friendly , professional and helpful .
not so overpowering with the air freshener used . it was so bad we had to ask the staff to use something to neutralize the smell . they sprayed smoke eliminator twice
i thought the people above us were moving the furniture around and doing jumping jacks . this went on till 1 : 30am and started again at 6 : 30am .
the rooms given to us this time were not upto the mark . curtains were unsatisfactory have lived their life and need to be discarded . no faucets in the bathroom
bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design .
the front desk staff has also offered to refund the first night stay .
the manager changed the room for me , but still itching , hurting and bleeding for 3 weeks , i went to the doctor office and got some medicine .
but i would have preferred to have my cooked breakfast items cooked for me rather than taken from pans being kept warm .
airport bus service is excellent
2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . the tv did not work .
the gentleman in reception was so kind when we arrived and also when we left . the hotel was modern .
she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu
the one we had was old and saggy .
entire facility clean and well maintained . felt secure .
recommend that all the bathroom vents are cleaned !
tea / coffee making facilities in the room are always appreciated .
better service ! the front desk was amazing , but there ' s is a huge need of training for the breakfast personnel . worst service i have ever had in a holiday inn breakfast room . in addition , no one came to clean my room and give me new towels during my stay .
the welcome card was a nice touch as well .
i then moved to adjusting temps on the air conditioning unit itself which also proved challenging .
fix fan in room i stayed
softer bed . english speaking channels on tv . screen on door / window so could have fresh air without bugs coming in .
nice facility , friendly staff and extremely clean rooms
the tub drain looked filthy .
for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . bananas were very freckled . bread selection good use a boost . . . put some healthier breads out instead of mostly white bread .
breakfast needs to start at 6am . early morning softball games meant leaving the hotel right when breakfast was opened up to eat . also breakfast needed to get refilled more often . by the time we came down on sunday at 9 there was nothing left and we had to leave for a hame .
friendly staff . breakfast was good .
this room was disgusting ! the room smelled strongly of paint , head board torn up , and the bites that i had on my legs were unacceptable . yes , i did call after the stay . so clean up and earn the money that is required to rent this !
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the tile grout in the shower was stained .
apart from that rooms and front desk girls were great .
food at the bar for dinner was awful
s sitting in the back .
bell boys to carry my bags to my room
the food in the bar cafe was really bad .
having the sheets to the pullout bed in the room
the pool , fire pit , breakfast being free , coffee all the time
the service every where .
but the bar and the restaurant were not that nice . perhaps may be because am black . i had to all the time signal them to come to my table or call their attention
we loved our stay .
when a continental breakfast is included with my room , i usually expect to be able to make it to an early lunch on what is served at that breakfast . that was not the case this time .
the tv didn t work . i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste
a side of macaroni and cheese and a slice of key lime pie should not cost a person $ 25 . the morning desk agents , the bellmen , and the concierge were all very friendly and hospitable in the morning .
we did not understand the breakfast voucher plan .
we stayed in room322 . the vent / fan cover was off in the bathroom . obviously , the mechanism hadn ' t been cleaned in years . this is not only an allergy issue but potential for fire . recommend that all the bathroom vents are cleaned !
very nice and good location .
improve checking timing .
it was very cold in the bar in the evening so took drinks and food back to the room . would have been nice to spend the evening in the bar and sit and eat our food .
very comfortable as it is . enjoyed the view and the atmosphere .
we had no sleep !
i actually made some complaints when checking out the guy at the reception wrote them
it was cold in my room ( cold weather ) . it took a colleague to suggest shutting the air conditioner off instead of raising the temperature so that it did not come on ( limited ) . this would have been welcome advice from your porter .
bathroom floor was sticky .
our service was friendly , prompt , and we were greeted with smiling , friendly personnel for our entire stay . the staff could not have been more accommodating . we had breakfast two mornings , and the food was cooked perfectly to order . and served with the same friendly service .
the hotel doesn t have any .
the staff were very friendly and helpful . the hotel was perfectly clean , well designed and modern .
changed room a new key didn t work . especially not an express . old facility way below standard .
she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu ie . only a minor hiccup .
the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome . the room was very comfortable . the sports bar has a great relaxed atmosphere . the shop is well stocked with a good variety of good quality curios and other items .
food / meals were excellent .
room service was dreadful ( fortunately i was not charged for the meal ) , the breakfast buffet has many offerings but
public area ' s breakfast
the staff in the bar / restaurant area were lovely . patient , helpful and polite - especially nice as the super bowl was showing .
turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup
both days the cooked breakfast was cold and myself and others complained . finally the hand wash and shower wash was empty
room 216 was where we stayed - and the only issue i had was that going into the bathroom there were some tiles that were loose and cracked
if the renovation that is going on cleaned up the rooms a bit it would help . filthy carpet , musty smell in the room was almost unbearable it was from the air conditioning unit .
excellent service by the lady who checked us in and the lady who checked us out .
restaurant service was slow . i understand we were a large group .
she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu ie . continental no variation . ps . only a minor hiccup .
bad service during breakfast at the restaurant . not good service doing the room every day .
great service . i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . housekeeping was great . i received change easily for the coffee main in the lobby . they helped out changing my key that did ' t work .
it ' s not very pleasant to go work out in a gym that is just as hot and humid as outside .
very welcoming staff on reception when we arrived .
food all came out at different times and it took over 15 minutes to get a drink from the bar
the service from the point i arrived to when i left was excellent . the two members of staff that stood out are ms laura t franco , she really looked after me and nicola baeoni . everything was as expected and better . breakfast was excellent , hospatility was as expected if not better .
but they need to improve on their friendliness .
the restaurant bar could do with an overhaul .
the food was all processed and salty . the room was larger and also very clean .
it was a happy stay .
it was christmas weekend , so there were families in different places and kids were allowed to run wild . the staff did take care of it when we complained .
i thought i was going to puke when i rolled over the next morning and there was makeup all over the bottom sheet .
the service was outstanding . the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome .
the facility was beautiful and centrally located . staff were friendly and accommodating . the water in the lobby was delightful .
the service was very bad the cleaning wasn t good it takes 30 mon to room service to deliver a pizza or a bottle of water same problem for the service at the bar the rooms have no opening windows the rooms have no air and the odor are very bad the prices were very high for everything and the service wasn t following the price level
elevator was slow .
1 1 ) improved food served in the restaurant . 2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . 3 ) no condoms inside the room use it to enter the cold floor water cycle . 4 )
the staff and facilities are excellent . . .
more seating ( other than the high beds and one chair ) , we stayed for 4 nights so wanted to use drawers for clothing . . .
my room was dusty , not vacuumed , and one of the bed stand lights was broken . the refrigerator was so loud it kept me up at night , so i turned it off .
i like a good breakfast to start the day and your location always deliver
ata gap that allowed a lot of noise from the hall way and there was a big party there and they were pretty loud in the halls and the bathtub needs some updated chaulk around the seals
super warm pool - thank you !
i thought i was going to puke when i rolled over the next morning i was not wearing makeup .
staff were very friendly and efficient courtesy bus provided rewards card
one night the whole reception , bar and restaurant area was given up to an outside xmas party . guests were not advised of this and were treated as an afterthought as priority was given to the party guests
the eating area was nice but the breakfast was too minimal , ended up going to bob evan s . when a continental breakfast is included with my room , i usually expect to be able to make it to an early lunch on what is served at that breakfast . that was not the case this time .
the ladies who were served the breakfast were amazing because they kept the area very clean , food stocked and were very willing to help everyone . the staff were kind to my children .
better selection of bar snacks / food
we had to be moved to the 4th floor on the opposite side of the hotel due to a hot water issue and that bed was not as comfortable .
the bar was out of tap beer 2 days in a row .
the breakfast was disappointing . the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . we stayed the night before at a fairfield in toledo for $ 64 less .
the lounge area is now looking tired with some chairs damaged .
service in this hotel was very disappointing
service was excellent . room was large andnew and clean . nice pool and good breakfast . plenty of coffee .
internet connection would not hold on laptop . room temp was 61 with ac on when we arrived . nightstand clock set on 24 hour display .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the tub drain looked filthy .
a la carte worked out better for us , but left us limited on options over a 10 day stay .
we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend . very friendly and kind . the rooms were really clean and for me as an ocd sufferer
friendly and helpful staff .
1 1 . the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 .
the wrong bar menu was in my room so i couldn ' t order the meal i wanted when i got to the bar . the tea and coffee were not filled on two days , so small points to consider correcting .
better breakfast options such as variety of fruits , cereal , and bread also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working .
staff were friendly and accommodating .
we were attacked by ants in our bathroom during the stay and there were a lot of them .
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . even the western food had a chinese taste , not an authentic western taste .
my room was dusty , not vacuumed , and one of the bed stand lights was broken .
room was large andnew and clean . plenty of coffee .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite did doors did not lock . not acceptable .
breakfast was of quality , and the waitress left the pot of coffee on the table . i watched a new hire being trained on the buffet line by the chef .
if the price showed on the internet was what i was charged when i made my booking . they charged me $ 17 . 00 more than what was shown on your web site . seemed like a bait and switch kinda deal to me . other than that i was very pleased .
thank you so much !
we had evening drinks there and bar could look nicer though again the staff compensate for the unfinished look of the bar . the restaurant breakfast / brunch was quite good but again the ambience of the restaurant could be improved without of course increasing the price of food or drinks !
bad service during breakfast at the restaurant . not good service doing the room every day . parking is too expensive and hotel does not offer security for it , should be complementary for guests .
also betting was thin .
everything was as expected and better .
better wifi better breakfast options - pancake machine longer restaurant hours better menu options better night staff renovated rooms like in holiday inn express better bath spa products better and softer bed . very sore neck and back
i loved the convenient access to the milwaukee rep theater locations and to downtown parking ,
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup i put together a salad .
makes it awkward .
the breakfast buffet was good and dinner food was fresh and tasted excellent . the employees were polite and friendly .
service was excellent . room was large andnew and clean .
the only issue really was the door on the room ata gap that allowed a lot of noise from the hall way and there was a big party there
not a thing , friendly , comfortable atmosphere all great !
room pleasant and large enough for our family . friendly staff in all areas .
points expire too quickly .
room pleasant and large enough for our family . easy reach of attractions in surrounding area .
better hot food
the holiday inn resort parking lot in orange beach was extremely tiny and had limited parking .
no ice on our floor . 2 . no shower mat for bathtub . floor of bathtub had no texture and was very slippery . very dangerous situation with an already injured knee . had to use towel bath mat while we showered .
better service during breakfast , tables were not cleaned , no silverware , food was cold no one to help .
better menu choice and bar happy hour
it was nice to have a restaurant and bar inside the facility and that the bar stayed open late .
the rooms are really small and the bathroom was super tiny and dirty . the front desk guy wouldn t let us check - in 30 mins early .
we re already planning our next stay there .
staff were friendly and accommodating . the water in the lobby was delightful . but i am grateful for at least free coffee in the lobby .
and i was coming down with a cold . . . radiator was off and air con was blowing out cold air . had to wrap up in outside wear and socks and retreat to the bed to keep warm .
at breakfast , advertised buffet , no buffet , no sausage , no potatoes .
plumbing was bad . . .
for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . bananas were very freckled . no fresh fruit other than that .
bathroom needs more hooks and counter space , lights behind headboard and tv - had hard rime figuring how to turn them off . heat - - - way too hot - - kept trying to turn down thermostat but it always went back up to 72 immediately .
the hotel fire alarm went off @ 1 : 45 a . m m . due to something going on in the room next to ours . the next our was spent with employees banging on the door and yelling . the fire department banging on the door .
the facilities were clean , the pool area was perfect , the room was spacious and my family and
fortunately , there were never many at one time , and we know they can be hard to get rid of , but we would prefer not to have ants . we loved our stay .
always friendly staff and clean facility .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . the noise from the air conditioning units on the adjacent building was excessively loud and disturbing .
the employees were polite and friendly .
you can totally hear the sound from inside .
they were frozen and would take forever to thaw . crazy ! should have food of all kinds available if on the menu .
if there were more carts available to help me carry my luggage to my room and then back to my car .
the facilities were clean , well organized and comfortable .
there were only meat choices . . . not saying don ' t serve meat , many people dont observe , but perhaps have a non meat choice ?
the evening meals provided and bar is a wonderful way to come back from work / meeting .
staff were extremely friendly and welcoming .
access to the beach .
plumbing was bad . . . shower temps hot and cold . other things are much more to fix
the service has always been great . the team has always been able to accommodate my early check in needs .
option of a bigger bed . road noise from window that was shut but sounded as if it was open ? noise from people in corridor outside . . we had no sleep ! noise from bathroom upstairs
friendly staff .
easy access of main motorway . room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great . breakfast good selection . easy reach of attractions in surrounding area .
the ladies who were served the breakfast were amazing because they kept the area very clean , food stocked and were very willing to help everyone .
early morning softball games meant leaving the hotel right when breakfast was opened up to eat . also breakfast needed to get refilled more often . by the time we came down on sunday at 9 there was nothing left and we had to leave for a hame .
wish the bar was open later than 9 .
he messed up other food orders too
service at the desk . made the renovations under way a minor inconvenience and truly appreciated the breakfast coupons . loved the halloween pumpkin contest by the employees . me
and the staff was so very sweet and attentive and caring regarding my situation . ni ordered room service and it was hot fresh and delicious .
it took a very long time running the tub to get hot .
it was cold in my room ( cold weather ) .
ps .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) so , i ' m not sure why there was queso ?
the convenience of the hotel to sights in london , and the staff especially the concierge
more food options on the bar menu .
the hotel was dirty . the sink in my room was basically broke .
for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . bananas were very freckled . no fresh fruit other than that . more jam than just strawberry and grape .
we were leaving for an early flight ( ergo the hotel by the airport ) and couldn ' t get anything to eat as breakfast service doesn ' t start until 7 .
the tv didn t work . i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste but it would have been nice to catch the news . also apparently there was an issue with the circulating hot domestic water . it took a very long time running the tub to get hot . many hotels offer complimentary breakfast buffet .
if i get bed bugs lord help you .
and it was a pretty rude experience
the tv didn t work . i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste but it would have been nice to catch the news .
- shower was cold
room was clean and real glasses ( that ' s a plus compared to recent stays in hotels at a much higher price ) . good wi - fi connection .
it ' s too old . i expected to have slippers at this grade of hotel .
very friendly staff .
i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . they helped out changing my key that did ' t work .
glass is totally see through . you can totally hear the sound from inside .
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . he lied and said sure that plate was for another party .
not sure who designed the bathroom shower but the shower head and water controls need to be on the same wall of the shower .
i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . housekeeping was great . they helped out changing my key that did ' t work .
she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu continental no variation .
the service as usual is awesome , the breakfast area and the service member in the dining area was superb !
had to wrap up in outside wear and socks and retreat to the bed to keep warm .
the man in the breakfast area could have been nicer and more professional did not give me change for my food or even ask if i wanted a receipt he went straight to the back of the bar to get his starbucks drink that a coworker brought him and it was a pretty rude experience
the rooms were super clean , and the accommodations were excellent ! it was 10 minutes from my brother ' s house in
it ' s too old . i expected to have slippers at this grade of hotel . the amenities provided are so limited .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! )
service provided by staff was very good .
beautiful facility - loved the open design of the common areas
i have pictures .
breakfast room was awesome ! hotel room was cozy !
the suite was over priced .
each and every staff member was pleasant and extremely helpful . the facility itself was very clean and all amenities were excellent , including the breakfast and evening meals .
the tv didn t work . i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste but it would have been nice to catch the news . also apparently there was an issue with the circulating hot domestic water . it took a very long time running the tub to get hot .
early morning softball games meant leaving the hotel right when breakfast was opened up to eat . by the time we came down on sunday at 9 there was nothing left and
better bar and atmosphere generally
the hotel was modern .
not saying don ' t serve meat , many people dont observe , but perhaps have a non meat choice ?
there was too much of a loud punjabi music and only men in there
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . there was queso , but there were no chips . . . so , i ' m not sure why there was queso ?
rooms very nice , able to do laudry was great , great enviroment
so the temperature was quite uncomfortable especially at night . this is the main reason for the low rating on meeting my expectations .
heating system was awful . this has always been my favorite hotel in baltimore but had to change rooms three times to find a room with a working heating system .
shuttle service was great and asian restaurant in hotel good good family rooms . . . size and set up
the service we received , we had a low battery in smoke dector , they came and fixed up asap .
realize this is an old hotel , but perhaps the room could be arranged better for access of bedding .
the man in the breakfast area could have been nicer and more professional did not give me change for my food or even ask if i wanted a receipt he went straight to the back of the bar to get his starbucks drink that a coworker brought him
bedroom was roomy and comfortable . breakfast choices were generally good but i would have preferred to have my cooked breakfast items cooked for me rather than taken from pans being kept warm .
excellent service , attentive staff to my stay .
hotel is dark and old . bartender was cool and bought me some beer but cook should be disciplined .
clean rooms , clean sheets / towels , smelled fresh . super warm pool - thank you !
the vent / fan cover was off in the bathroom . obviously , the mechanism hadn ' t been cleaned in years . recommend that all the bathroom vents are cleaned !
i enjoyed the room service that was prompt and delicious , though highly overpriced even for room service . a side of macaroni and cheese and a slice of key lime pie should not cost a person $ 25 .
easy access of main motorway . room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great . breakfast good selection . easy reach of attractions in surrounding area . good selection of tv channels . friendly staff in all areas .
bar was small and lacked atmosphere
i stick to vegan food and was upset about the lack of breakfast choices for me . i had to pour boiling water over the oatmeal and add dried fruits and fruits to it - so - so pleasure . . . i ordered breakfasts from vegetarian / vegan cafes for the next four days .
if my plugs worked when i got to the room ( they were fixed ) and if my plugs worked in the bathroom ( they never worked ) .
the batter / pancakes come out yucky . also , get a better brand of english muffins -
less salty food
restaurant service was slow . i understand we were a large group . maybe more staff required for lunch and breakfast
however there are some items not included in the kitchen that are standard such as a kettle and cheese grater .
breakfast was excellent , pool great , room cleaning great and hotel environment great .
we told staff but no one seemed to bother too much or any improvement occur .
the food was cold . they appear to be cooking mounds of food early am and then holding it in the back and keep adding to the buffet as needed .
good selection of tv channels .
also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . overall , the hotel staff was very cordial , but they need to improve on their friendliness .
better service !
we even left the door open of our bedroom but the a / c did not cool the room terrible ventilation .
the bar and lobby area was nice and reception staff were friendly and helpful .
been here prior . love amenities
some acknowledgement at check in and a more respectful handling at reception over a complaint . . . .
food choices were limited and the waiting time when i ordered was very long . the restaurant was also closed on thursday night when i was expecting to eat there
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . there was only one cinnamon roll . no oatmeal or pancake batter ( it was not all gone , it was never set out ) .
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant .
road noise from window that was shut but sounded as if it was open ?
the room smelled strongly of paint , head board torn up , and the bites that i had on my legs were unacceptable . so clean up and earn the money that is required to rent this !
floor of bathtub had no texture and was very slippery .
they were frozen and would take forever to thaw . crazy ! should have food of all kinds available if on the menu . however , the manager haley took great care of us . we ordered caesar salad and chicken wings and they were at a great price and delicious .
we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend . very friendly and kind .
breakfast room was awesome !
internet connection would not hold on laptop . room temp was 61 with ac on when we arrived . no one knew how to change to 12 hour display .
excellent and genuine customer service from all front line staff . from reception to the waiters in the bar and the restaurant and from the valet at the door till the house keeping staff in the corridors . well done !
i really can ' t think of anything else , though .
correct these items : 1 . no ice on our floor . 2 . no shower mat for bathtub . floor of bathtub had no texture and was very slippery .
breakfast needs to start at 6am . early morning softball games meant leaving the hotel right when breakfast was opened up to eat . also breakfast needed to get refilled more often .
luggage carts ! the hotel doesn t have any .
many hotels offer complimentary breakfast buffet .
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit . he lied and said sure that plate was for another party .
in addition the room was out dated and needed to have new pillows , new pull out coach mattress that included bedding . the tub leaked in the bathroom . breakfast in the morning was cold and poor quality .
a free breakfast would have been a plus
great reception and bar staff and the rooms are always clean
it was very open and spaced out . there was no theme or focus and perhaps the bar staff could be more engaging especially as there was little atmosphere .
convenient location . comfortable accommodation .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . the tub drain looked filthy .
2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . 3 ) no condoms inside the room use it to enter the cold floor water cycle . 4 )
public transport voucher . hotel staff were very helpful .
size of the room . comfortable beds nice bathroom
better bar meals
would also be nice to be able to use the app to enter your room as well so you don ' t even need a room key . bathroom also needs updated . very small .
internet connection would not hold on laptop . nightstand clock set on 24 hour display .
we stayed in room322 .
my room did not have one . the front desk said that some of the rooms had them and some did not . that is not what was advertised .
bathroom should have better sound proof , better doors . glass is totally see through . you can totally hear the sound from inside . makes it awkward . air con doesnt work good . one night it felt too hot and the other night it was fine .
when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right .
staff were very friendly . best pool i ' ve seen in a hotel .
the customer service was really lovely from the moment you step into the hotel lobby for the check - in to the time you check - out . we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend . very friendly and kind . the rooms were really clean and for me as an ocd sufferer this was really impressive .
automated key pick up at arrival : for registered guests no waiting time , like priority check in
no one knew how to change to 12 hour display .
i have stayed at many holiday inns as i mentioned on my recent review on trip advisory . quiet
the overall experience was good . can improve more on the service at the morning breakfast and the executive lounge
check in was rather slow ; the reception desk is cramped and there was no recognition of ihg rewards membership .
the rooms are starting to show some wear in the bathrooms , including poor drainage in the main sink , and what appeared like mold in the shower stall . internet service was available , but connectivity was intermittent or non - existent .
this hotel need a few touch ups ! ! 1 ) the pool area had some mold or rust growing in some areas 2 ) the beds were hard 3 )
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant . all the foods had chinese flavours .
better lobby lighting and luggage carts
comfortable bed , clean room , nice facilities , real closet
super salty , few healthy selections - ie the buffalo chicken wrap chicken was deep fried , didn ' t say that on the menu or i wouldn ' t have ordered it .
treadmill operational in the fitness area
my membership was not on file on arrival . . ' . oh wait , there it is ' .
were unsatisfactory have lived their life and need to be discarded . no the lighting in the gym needs a make over .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . when i asked for an 1 / 2 hour later check out , i was denied .
breakfast was of a very high standard catering for all tastes facilities were very good ( gold course and other )
bar menu should be improved .
no ice on our floor . floor of bathtub had no texture and was very slippery .
better kids buffet - mash as well as chips , more veg choices , chicken leg and other non - fried mains . better coffee machines in the restaurant . they kept breaking and were nowhere near as good as coffee from the bar . children s play area very tired in terms of the toys .
the food in the cafe and bar was very good .
the gentleman in reception was so kind when we arrived and also when we left .
the fixtures and fittings were in a very bad condition , with dirty carpets , broken bathroom tiles and a divan bed that was falling apart .
i stayed on ash wednesday . there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! )
a very friendly and comfortable atmosphere
facilities and food , cleanliness and extras
the food service and bar service was exceptionally slow .
the cooks did well on my specific request on seasoning on the food .
renovated room .
better maintenance of room and equipment
this hotel need a few touch ups ! ! 1 ) the pool area had some mold or rust growing in some areas 2 ) the beds were hard 3 ) the cinnamon rolls at breakfast were under a heat lamp but they were still cold ; overall the food was not good
instead of remaking , he just scrapped the mushrooms off the steak and cooked the steak to well done .
the hotel needs a beautiful garden or outdoor space behind it . i didn t understand how the windows all looked out on this depressing empty square of empty buildings . a garden with fountain and flowers and outdoor dining is missing .
no oatmeal or pancake batter ( it was not all gone , it was never set out ) .
the noise from the air conditioning units on the adjacent building was excessively loud and disturbing .
more food choices on the bar menu .
the customer service was really lovely from the moment you step into the hotel lobby for the check - in to the time you check - out . we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend . very friendly and kind . the rooms were really clean and for me as an ocd sufferer this was really impressive . thank you
filthy carpet , musty smell in the room was almost unbearable it was from the air conditioning unit .
the customer service was excellent and friendly .
hotel is dark and old . restaurant screwed up my meal .
great service . i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . housekeeping was great . i received change easily for the coffee main in the lobby .
not much else to eat around and in the past the meals have been good at different holiday inn express .
i were comfortable , the hotel is in a very good area , lots of amenities surrounding it , breakfast was amazing , delicious and fresh .
road noise from window that was shut but sounded as if it was open ? we had no sleep !
although i didn t use either , they were backed up quite a bit .
i thought i was going to puke when i rolled over the next morning nasty .
for a two - night stay and busy travel schedule , i really didn ' t have time to spend time with some 3rd party vendor . . .
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit . he lied and said sure that plate was for another party . no more fruit at 1000 . so when i asked again i was told they were not refilling the fruit .
so i couldn ' t order the meal i wanted when i got to the bar .
good wi - fi connection . good service from the front desk especially meghan .
the refrigerator was so loud it kept me up at night , so i turned it off .
the internet connection cuts in and out . during check out , front desk said i needed to call a 3rd party vendor .
both days the cooked breakfast was cold and myself and others complained .
port st . lucie and our family enjoyed time together without traveling far .
no shower mat for bathtub .
pancake machine
the service that we received from your staff was impeccable , we felt extremely valued .
by the time we came down on sunday at 9 there was nothing left and
internet speed is too slow , i had to use my lte
the bar and cafe staff were absolutely perfect for the place , completely forgot about the construction and san antonio traffic .
cleanest facility and most helpful staff
the staff was very friendly and helped me when needed over the course of my stay . the room was well kept and fairly modern .
update ! hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal .
the batter / pancakes come out yucky . a belgian waffle maker would be so much better ! also , get a better brand of english muffins -
excellence services in every outlet , club intercont , azure , pirom for breakfast , spa great room , great facilities
the kilowatt restaurant provided a lovely breakfast .
customer service was excellent , from the reception to the bar to room service !
2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . 3 ) no condoms inside the room use it to enter the cold floor water cycle .
air was either on ( and very cold ) or completely off . the wall thermostat did not seem to work .
friendly staff .
it ' s too old . i expected to have slippers at this grade of hotel . i also stayed at crown ' s plaza when travelled to hong kong , the services and variety of food are much better .
breakfast .
but again the ambience of the restaurant could be improved without of course increasing the price of food or drinks !
no ice on our floor . had to use towel bath mat while we showered .
happy faces they made me feel like a vip
breakfast choices were generally good but i would have preferred to have my cooked breakfast items cooked for me rather than taken from pans being kept warm . the bread for roasting was quite bland .
loved the water pressure in the shower !
' . oh wait , there it is ' . points expire too quickly .
nice bar and front desk staff members
the bar and the health club .
larger elevators . often had to wait through three elevator calls and arrivals for one to have room .
the staff could not have been more accommodating .
in addition the room was out dated and needed to have new pillows , new pull out coach mattress that included bedding .
( both looked delicious ! )
more english channels - only news based channels available . also , if the 4 toiletry bottles in the bathroom , 3 were body lotion and 1 conditioner so i had to ask at the desk for shower gel .
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . he messed up other food orders too
room pleasant and large enough for our family . breakfast good selection .
breakfast buffet needs improvement . for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . bananas were very freckled . no fresh fruit other than that . bread selection good use a boost . . . put some healthier breads out instead of mostly white bread . more jam than just strawberry and grape .
also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . and she wasn ' t customer service oriented nor friendly .
i think there could be more breakfast seating possibly and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster . although i didn t use either , they were backed up quite a bit . for the number of people , an extra would be helpful .
nothing else ; i had a great stay .
the bar food was terrible , i ordered a pizza which was clearly a chicago town frozen pizza you can get at a supermarket for 4 and it cost 15 !
early morning softball games meant leaving the hotel right when breakfast was opened up to eat . also breakfast needed to get refilled more often .
nice ambience , cleanliness , service . access to the beach .
the rooms was beautiful and the food was amazing . awesome customer service . the beds were the best .
service great from maks , issue with previous guest not checking out on time , apologised and kept updated on progress . apology when finally checking in and without any need to ask was offered complimentary parking .
very clean facilities and friendly staff
fortunately , there were never many at one time , and we know they can be hard to get rid of , but we would prefer not to have ants . i really can ' t think of anything else , though .
clean facility and room , friendly staff .
i actually made some complaints when checking out the guy at the reception
pancake machine longer restaurant hours better menu options better night staff renovated rooms like in holiday inn express better bath spa products better and softer bed .
reservation process . checking in smooth .
that seemed excessively early .
great friendly staff stored bags for me until room was ready . great shuttle service to airport .
hotel is dark and old . i saw others at the bar shaking their heads and complains their food was wrong too .
it took a colleague to suggest shutting the air conditioner off instead of raising the temperature so that it did not come on ( limited ) .
the staff were very friendly and helpful . the all dasy food menu was excellent , covering all tastes and the food ordered was hot and exceptionally tasty .
glass is totally see through . you can totally hear the sound from inside . air con doesnt work good .
for the room to smell normal . not so overpowering with the air freshener used . it was so bad we had to ask the staff to use something to neutralize the smell .
it was a problem to find a close place for someone with balance problems and a cane or walker ( also limited handicapped parking )
both elevators were out of order .
breakfast eggs were not tasty ( no flavor - - kinda like cardboard ) ; you probably can ' t do much about the parking , but if we got back to the hotel later than 9 pm
items on food menu were not available , this happens a lot .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile . the tile grout in the shower was stained . the tub drain looked filthy . the noise from the air conditioning units on the adjacent building was excessively loud and disturbing .
also , if the 4 toiletry bottles in the bathroom , 3 were body lotion and 1 conditioner so i had to ask at the desk for shower gel .
the service that we received from your staff was impeccable , we felt extremely valued . a special mention to ronnie at the reception and the lady who wears a suit at breakfast time , them as well as your other staff made us feel very welcome . we re already planning our next stay there .
beautiful facilities . great bed , staff was very polite .
i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste but it would have been nice to catch the news .
it was quite empty and not inviting . the restaurant selections could ve included more local selections . also , managers / supervisors appeared unfriendly
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out .
easy access to popular akron attractions .
during check out , front desk said i needed to call a 3rd party vendor . for a two - night stay and busy travel schedule , i really didn ' t have time to spend time with some 3rd party vendor . . .
breakfast meal . recommend directions for a dinner location .
the bar and restaurant service was awful . food choices were limited and the waiting time when i ordered was very long . i needed to remind the staff what i had ordered and only received my food after 45 minutes .
i arrived at a busy time and had to wait around 30 minutes to sight in .
the internet password for hotel must be reentered amytime you get off your computer devie , which is a pain . would be nice to be able to have access during entire stay without having go and sign in to your site and enter access code .
easy access of main motorway . room pleasant and large enough for our family .
bedroom was roomy and comfortable .
got bit about at least 20 , all over me , finger , arms , legs , thighs , feet , back . the manager changed the room for me , but still itching , hurting and bleeding for 3 weeks , i went to the doctor office and got some medicine .
road noise from window that was shut but sounded as if it was open ? , there was a high pitched noise when water was used ?
water pressure in shower was great .
stop charging to hold my bags after we check out ! ! ! really ? ? just spent 350 dollars in your hotel .
got bit about at least 20 , all over me , finger , arms , legs , thighs , feet , back .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite did doors did not lock . when i asked for an 1 / 2 hour later check out , i was denied . not acceptable . considering first night included a fire evacuation caused by one of their dryers .
if the price showed on the internet was what i was charged when i made my booking .
food choices were limited and the waiting time when i ordered was very long . i needed to remind the staff what i had ordered and only received my food after 45 minutes . the restaurant was also closed on thursday night when i was expecting to eat there
breakfast was of quality , and the waitress left the pot of coffee on the table . i was impressed with this level of supervision being provided to insure quality food service .
the staff could not have been more accommodating . and served with the same friendly service .
a new bed . the one we had was old and saggy . complete my profile requested room . i am a platinum member and on my profile
the hotel is well - located to destination i had for business meetings . it is great to be connected to all of downtown minneapolis without having to go out doors . access to restaurants , shopping and business
other than that i was very pleased .
broader bar menu
the room was very comfortable and clean .
great well maintained and updated facility
not all hot dishes are kept hot and coffee service is very slow
when they heard that i could not eat many of the items on the breakfast buffet , they offered to individually cook some egg whites for me , which i really appreciated .
it was very cold in the bar in the evening so took drinks and food back to the room .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays .
bathroom door was dirty .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . the tile grout in the shower was stained .
the next our was spent with employees banging on the door and yelling . the occupants yelling .
room was large andnew and clean . nice pool and good breakfast .
bar meals were quite basic
better service ! the front desk was amazing , but there ' s is a huge need of training for the breakfast personnel . worst service i have ever had in a holiday inn breakfast room .
the staff at the front desk were friendly , professional and courteous as well as helpful ( rob , amanda , elizabeth and andre ( the shuttle driver )
friendly staff . water pressure in shower was great .
the room was clean and comfortable .
changed room a new key didn t work . old facility way below standard .
late booking late arrival it s still charge me full price .
the breakfast buffet was good and dinner food was fresh and tasted excellent . the employees were polite and friendly . the glasses were dirty the suite was over priced . there was blood all over the carpet and not enough lights in parking lot with drug deals going on where my vehicle was parked .
breakfast was of quality , and the waitress left the pot of coffee on the table .
but they were not clean . also the closet door mirrors had sticky hand prints on them .
great view , relaxing atmosphere , good food , spacious room .
the cleanliness in all areas of the hotel , the efficiency of re stocking breakfast items and clearing of tables with minimum of fuss , plus the wide choice and excellent value for money of breakfast foods offered .
the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . for that amount of money we expected more .
i thought i was going to puke when i rolled over the next morning and there was makeup all over the bottom sheet . nasty .
not sure .
very convenient location .
1 1 ) improved food served in the restaurant .
1 1 ) improved food served in the restaurant . 2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . 3 ) no condoms inside the room use it to enter the cold floor water cycle . 4 ) the tv did not work .
the price for a buffet meal was a bit expensive considering what was on offer . a la carte worked out better for us , but left us limited on options over a 10 day stay .
also , if the 4 toiletry bottles in the bathroom , 3 were body lotion and 1 conditioner
the bar area was understaff but it was busy with halloween and bengals game .
newer decor .
also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . overall , the hotel staff was very cordial , but they need to improve on their friendliness . when i was checking out , i asked the hotel staff assistance with the computer also , as a member , i didnt get any welcome points or complimentary water
2 ) notify me of all the services provided within the offer you chose , i did not know that the dinner was covered during my stay . no condoms inside the room use it to enter the cold floor water cycle .
service at the desk . made the renovations under way a minor inconvenience and truly appreciated the breakfast coupons . loved the halloween pumpkin contest by the employees . me it feel like it was ran by a true team / family .
the customer service was really lovely from the moment you step into the hotel lobby for the check - in to the time you check - out .
the kids loved the pool , breakfast was amazing . hotel room was clean and cozy .
i had a family emergency while there and the staff was so very sweet and attentive and caring regarding my situation . ni ordered room service
better quality breakfast
excellent service and help given by all members of staff with whom we came into contact .
the bar is open longer for a drink with friends , after a visit to ethias arena or theater , so after 23 hours .
the front desk guy wouldn t let us check - in 30 mins early . will not stay here again !
great service by the breakfast team - special mention of john , satish who took great care to ensure the service was up to the mark delectable food and dessert dishes housekeeping ensured that the room was clean and up to the standards .
the bar area played very somber music . it was quite empty and not inviting .
service in this hotel was very disappointing i actually made some complaints when checking out the guy at the reception wrote them but nobody even bothered to contact me . overall we were disappointed because we expected better service from a holiday inn
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal . instead of remaking , he just scrapped the mushrooms off the steak and cooked the steak to well done . bartender was cool and bought me some beer but cook should be disciplined . he messed up other food orders too
the bar and restaurant service was awful . food choices were limited and the waiting time when i ordered was very long .
better beds , working clocks , easier to use lights and showers , room doors without big gaps in them , a desk chair that wasn ' t broken , a tv that worked , a clean room and a room without a sex toy left behind on the top of the closest .
the cleanliness in all areas of the hotel , the efficiency of re stocking breakfast items and clearing of tables with minimum of fuss , plus the wide choice and excellent value for money of breakfast foods offered . easy to understand air conditioning controls , comfortable beds and bedroom .
the bar area was understaff
the wall thermostat did not seem to work .
coffee at breakfast was low quality . would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the hotel needs a decent western restaurant . evening buffet dinner at the restaurant was not very nice .
more jam than just strawberry and grape .
service in this hotel was very disappointing i actually made some complaints when checking out the guy at the reception wrote them
room service came by at 8 : 30 each morning .
phone to work in room hot water - shower was cold
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile . the noise from the air conditioning units on the adjacent building was excessively loud and disturbing .
also breakfast needed to get refilled more often .
the bar / restaurant should be closed .
yes , i did call after the stay .
convenient location .
. also
the parking lot was big enough for all the guests . the holiday inn resort parking lot in orange beach was extremely tiny and had limited parking .
my son found a plastic piece in his scrambled eggs . more attention is needed by cooking staff .
the price for a buffet meal was a bit expensive considering what was on offer .
the people taking care of breakfast need to watch the food trays to keep them filled in a timely manner and not wait until the trays are empty , then take quite a few minutes to refill .
i enjoyed the room service that was prompt and delicious , though highly overpriced even for room service . a side of macaroni and cheese and a slice of key lime pie should not cost a person $ 25 . the morning desk agents , the bellmen , and the concierge were all very friendly and hospitable in the morning .
a new bed . the one we had was old and saggy .
clean sheets and properly working equipment . . . . i thought i was going to puke when i rolled over the next morning and there was makeup all over the bottom sheet . i was not wearing makeup . if i get bed bugs lord help you . nasty .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the tub drain looked filthy .
so , i ' m not sure why there was queso ?
good wi - fi connection . enjoyed the breakfast and the eating area . good service from the front desk especially meghan .
we were attacked by ants in our bathroom during the stay and there were a lot of them . they were all over some food and tooth paste we ' d left in the bathroom and had planned to eat on our return drive home to northern california .
the staff were kind to my children .
the cooks did well on my specific request on seasoning on the food . great job
also , if the 4 toiletry bottles in the bathroom , 3 were body lotion and 1 conditioner also no milk was provided by room service .
the bar area was lacking atmosphere . it was very open and spaced out . there was no theme or focus and perhaps the bar staff could be more engaging especially as there was little atmosphere .
from reception to the waiters in the bar and the restaurant and from the valet at the door till the house keeping staff in the corridors . well done !
better breakfast , faster / more reliable internet
little bit of a long wait in checking in
we ' d left in the bathroom and had planned to eat on our return drive home to northern california .
the wait staff was fantastic
the staff could not have been more accommodating . we had breakfast two mornings , and the food was cooked perfectly to order .
the vent / fan cover was off in the bathroom .
hotel is dark and old .
better breakfast . i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced .
, there was a high pitched noise when water was used ?
but overall my stay satisfied everything i needed clean , convenient location and affordable .
the reservation dept .
public transport voucher . hotel staff were very helpful . trouble and stress free .
beautiful facility great room plus they upgraded me to a suite
airport shuttle system in sydney is different and not so good .
would get that resolved
the breakfast was huge . . . so many choices .
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . i asked the manager if there would be more fruit . he lied and said sure that plate was for another party . no more fruit at 1000 . so when i asked again i was told they were not refilling the fruit . really ?
the service we received , we had a low battery in smoke dector , they came and fixed up asap . the kids loved the pool , breakfast was amazing .
in addition the room was out dated and needed to have new pillows , new pull out coach mattress that included bedding . breakfast in the morning was cold and poor quality .
breakfast : get rid of the pancake machine -
fix fan in room
the bar / restaurant should be closed . there were zero bottles of any beer , two dinner items i asked about , they were out . at breakfast , advertised buffet , no buffet , no sausage , no potatoes .
old facility way below standard .
appreciated that there was a microwave and refrigerator in the room if i had a need for these . there were plenty of towels and wash cloths available in the room .
cleaning a bit better .
room 601 is located right near the pool and bar music plays right up to 12pm most nights and the walls are not quite sound proof barcelona has such a great night life that most nights this isn t a problem as you re out exploring
mold or black mold in the bathroom . i have pictures . things need to change or i will not be back as a return customer as i previous have been .
glass is totally see through .
clean facilities
and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster . although i didn t use either , they were backed up quite a bit . for the number of people , an extra would be helpful . loved our stay
the internet password for hotel must be reentered amytime you get off your computer devie , which is a pain .
and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster . although i didn t use either , they were backed up quite a bit . but otherwise , breakfast was great and plenty of options .
the kids loved the pool , breakfast was amazing .
service provided by staff was very good . breakfast was of a very high standard catering for all tastes facilities were very good ( gold course and other )
room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great . good selection of tv channels .
the rooms given to us this time were not upto the mark . curtains were unsatisfactory have lived their life and need to be discarded . no
the room was cleaned to a high standard .
this is the main reason for the low rating on meeting my expectations .
went to dinner and really wanted the steak . they were frozen and would take forever to thaw . crazy ! should have food of all kinds available if on the menu .
great service and food recommendations from the front desk attendants .
room 322 smelled like mildew . mold or black mold in the bathroom . i have pictures . late booking late arrival it s still charge me full price .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite did doors did not lock .
replace the luggage carts , tires flat
service was excellent .
i had a family emergency while there
it ' s too old . the amenities provided are so limited .
better breakfast . i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . there was only one cinnamon roll .
it was nice to have a restaurant and bar inside the facility and that the bar stayed open late . we ordered room service , the food was great and arrived piping hot .
the heating in the bar and the general foyer area was uncomfortable cold
the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome . the shop is well stocked with a good variety of good quality curios and other items .
room was clean , facilities were adequate
breakfast : get rid of the pancake machine - the batter / pancakes come out yucky . a belgian waffle maker would be so much better ! also , get a better brand of english muffins - these ones tasted awful ( i didn ' t know you could have bad english muffins ) .
everything .
the service is great and the rooms very comfortableness and clean , and breakfast is very good . i love that i has a microwave and mini fridge in the room .
restaurant / bar menu very expensive ! !
comfortable bed . big room .
the service was not at the same level of any other holiday inn i stayed . warm water takes very long to come in ; sticky floor in the breakfast area , with low quality plastic cutlery ; laundry service was not brought into my room but i had to ask the lobby ; one night , by bed was not made .
friendly staff in all areas .
washing and drying machines a better business facilities
location excellent !
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . there was only one cinnamon roll . no oatmeal or pancake batter ( it was not all gone , it was never set out ) . the hotel was not that busy the night we stayed .
ata gap that allowed a lot of noise from the hall way and they were pretty loud in the halls and the bathtub needs some updated chaulk around the seals
the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable .
air conditioning not working was disappointing and hotel staff left our window open which was a security risk i was not happy with . apart from that rooms and front desk girls were great .
plumbing was bad . . . shower temps hot and cold . toilet was clogged when checked in . other things are much more to fix
a new bed .
for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . bread selection good use a boost . . . put some healthier breads out instead of mostly white bread .
guests were not advised of this and were treated as an afterthought as priority was given to the party guests
this was really impressive .
i thought i was going to puke when i rolled over the next morning and there was makeup all over the bottom sheet . i was not wearing makeup . if i get bed bugs lord help you . nasty .
clean sheets and properly working equipment . . . .
brand new facility , cpurteous staff . . nice new layout . .
breakfast meal .
we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend . very friendly and kind . the rooms were really clean and for me as an ocd sufferer this was really impressive . thank you
service provided by staff was very good . breakfast was of a very high standard catering for all tastes facilities were very good ( gold course and other ) the package offered and accepted represented extremely good value ( the package included accommodation for two , plus breakfasts , plus a 3 course meal for two , plus helicopter ride , plus wine tour ) .
the tv didn t work . i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste but it would have been nice to catch the news . also apparently there was an issue with the circulating hot domestic water .
the bar area played very somber music .
bathroom should have better sound proof , better doors . glass is totally see through . you can totally hear the sound from inside . makes it awkward . air con doesnt work good .
very personable staff .
size of the room .
rooms were well appointed , very clean and the bed comfort was excellent !
able to leave luggage if arriving earlier than check - in time .
the food was cold . they appear to be cooking mounds of food early am and then holding it in the back and keep adding to the buffet as needed . the new food brought out and added to the buffet is cold so that is how i know it s sitting in the back .
very small .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
no ice on our floor . 2 . no shower mat for bathtub .
improve customer service at the front desk and in the breakfast room , and correctly display information on the reservations / web site .
beach access .
the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . we stayed the night before at a fairfield in toledo for $ 64 less . for that amount of money we expected more .
the restaurant breakfast / brunch was quite good
no tv in first one and the 2nd suite
service in this hotel was very disappointing i actually made some complaints when checking out the guy at the reception wrote them but nobody even bothered to contact me .
the building is old , but the feeling of cleanliness was kept .
also , the bar staff didn ' t tell me you were out of certain meals when order was placed .
i waited 1 hr . and 20 min . for the van to arrive .
couldn t do more for us .
enjoyed the view and the atmosphere .
went to dinner and really wanted the steak .
i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste but it would have been nice to catch the news . also apparently there was an issue with the circulating hot domestic water .
friendly and easy check in clean room
beautiful facilities .
the rooms weren ' t clean .
from reception to the waiters in the bar and the restaurant and from the valet at the door till the house keeping staff in the corridors .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . so , i ' m not sure why there was queso ?
room was small for two double beds . could not access both sides of both beds due to the smallness of the room .
we ordered caesar salad and chicken wings and they were at a great price and delicious .
better coffee machines in the restaurant .
the service was outstanding . the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome . the room was very comfortable . the sports bar has a great relaxed atmosphere .
there was only one cinnamon roll .
more outlets to charge devices near the bed sturdy chair in handicapped room with good reading light .  
airport shuttle . public transport voucher . hotel staff were very helpful .
airport shuttle .
crazy !
room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great . breakfast good selection . friendly staff in all areas .
the staff in the restaurant were excellent .
pos system was down for both days - made paying a process
overall friendly staff , nice big room , great food at good price / value for money , convenient location , free parking
continental breakfast should be free and more selections and fresh our room was too far from elevator better reservation method . . . . . we were overcharged & expedia surcharge is / was ridiculous , especially because we actually thought we were making our reservation thru the motel itself - and did not get the discount that was posted on - line
a complementary drink at the bar which was offered at the jury ' s inn
bar meals would be a option especially in a relaxed , comfortable environment .
two of my coworkers , who were also staying at this location , had the same experience .
the air conditioning could be controlled better
faster checkout times .
fitness room equipment not user friendly
really long wait . also , the bar staff didn ' t tell me you were out of certain meals when order was placed .
it was quite empty and not inviting . also , managers / supervisors appeared unfriendly
changed room a new key didn t work . especially not an express . we only stay in express and expect a higher standard which it was not .
reception check in where great - polite , friendly , helpful .
bedroom was roomy and comfortable . breakfast choices were generally good
less of a wait at check in and check out
the staff quick action to move my whole family into another family room after i have complained and showed the bed bugs that had bitten me during the first night .
it is great to be connected to all of downtown minneapolis without having to go out doors . access to restaurants , shopping and business destinations is a great value
we had to leave for a hame .
we stayed the night before at a fairfield in toledo for $ 64 less .
stop charging to hold my bags after we check out ! ! !
service great from maks , issue with previous guest not checking out on time , apologised and kept updated on progress .
customer service was excellent , and the bed was comfortable . breakfast was of quality , and the waitress left the pot of coffee on the table . i watched a new hire being trained on the buffet line by the chef .
convenience to airport and shuttle service was excellent , room was great and recently renovated .
there was torn wallpaper near the elevator and the hallways and gym were very hot and humid .
fix the buffet breakfast . the food was cold . they appear to be cooking mounds of food early am and then holding it in the back and keep adding to the buffet as needed .
heating system was awful . this has always been my favorite hotel in baltimore but had to change rooms three times to find a room with a working heating system . water had to run about 15 minutes to get hot . totally unacceptable .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite did doors did not lock . considering first night included a fire evacuation caused by one of their dryers .
the rooms were really clean and for me as an ocd sufferer
nice pool and good breakfast .
the staff were very friendly and helpful .
water bottles in the room would ' ve been a recommended touch as well .
this is the first hotel that i have ever stayed at that i had to pay for breakfast .
serving food even late at night .
it was difficult to carry luggage up the stairs and down the long hallway to our room .
would be nice if complimentary breakfasts would open at 5 : 30 to accommodate workers who stay there and work 12 daylight shifts instead of 6 : 30am . would be nice if all the exterior building entrances worked properly with room key to enter .
the staff are all amazing .
the rooms were super clean , and the accommodations were excellent !
at breakfast , with another hour for the buffet , i witnessed the manager tell a waitress to take a plate of fruit back to the kitchen . there was only a few pieces of fruit left .
the staff was very friendly and helped me when needed over the course of my stay . food was very good in the morning .
and the staff was so very sweet and attentive and caring regarding my situation . ni ordered room service
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . really ?
they , as well as the folks working the front desk , were very helpful over our entire stay .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile . the tile grout in the shower was stained . the noise from the air conditioning units on the adjacent building was excessively loud and disturbing .
the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . we stayed the night before at a fairfield in toledo for $ 64 less . the food and seating area were just as nice . the room was larger and also very clean . for that amount of money we expected more .
found a some hair in shower and also a couple containers of bathing minis from previous person which was kinda gross . softer bed .
1 1 . the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays .
bathroom really needs ventilation mold on the ceiling
hotel room was clean and cozy .
the rooms weren ' t clean . the overall appearance was shoddy .
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . bartender was cool and bought me some beer but cook should be disciplined .
the overall appearance was shoddy .
convenient location .
internet connection would not hold on laptop . room temp was 61 with ac on when we arrived .
marble floor in shower is dangerous .
apart from that rooms and front desk girls were great . location excellent !
there were only meat choices . . . i put together a salad .
bathroom should have better sound proof , better doors . glass is totally see through . you can totally hear the sound from inside .
more english channels - only news based channels available . also , if the 4 toiletry bottles in the bathroom , 3 were body lotion and 1 conditioner
there was no cream for our coffee ; no salt or pepper for eggs and potatoes .
location to major attractions , quality of service , great restaurants , excellent breakfast buffet
the worst was the icecream , which seemed to have very strange flavours such as durian , onion and red bean .
the only issue really was the door on the room
great service at check in , cookies on the counter . comfortable bed . big room . breakfast served early .
highly professional , friendly , hospitable staff in the reservation department , at the reception and in the night bar . high - quality cleaning of the room and timely filling it with all the necessary accessories : shampoos , toothpaste , drinking water .
room service did not show up until we requested .
clean and well kept hotel !
the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome . the room was very comfortable . the shop is well stocked with a good variety of good quality curios and other items .
easy access to popular akron attractions . friendly staff .
2 .
drinks at the bar too expensive , cheaper in the pubs on the high street .
the training was being monitored by an independent supervisor .
the food was all processed and salty . sausage was dry and very spicy . the room was larger and also very clean .
the customer service was really lovely from the moment you step into the hotel lobby for the check - in to the time you check - out . we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend .
we would love to stay once more for the ambience and breakfast we had we enjoyed .
baggage carts maintained a bit better .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . there was only one cinnamon roll . no oatmeal or pancake batter ( it was not all gone , it was never set out ) . we came down to breakfast around 7 : 30 and were the only ones there .
only a minor hiccup .
great greeting , very comfortable accommodations .
very comfortable bed and late checkout .
bar meal selection was limited . more selection on the menu would be good .
the staff did take care of it when we complained .
good service from staff .
the service , cleanliness , and breakfast were all very good . the staff was very friendly and helped me when needed over the course of my stay . the room was well kept and fairly modern .
better breakfast .
i loved the bar and the food in the cafe de la paix . i loved the location .
the rooms given to us this time were not upto the mark . curtains were unsatisfactory have lived their life and need to be discarded . no faucets in the bathroom no complimentry fruits . the lighting in the gym needs a make over .
also , get a better brand of english muffins -
we had to go down and get more towels in the morning because there were enough for 4 people and we had 6 .
but the bar and the restaurant were not that nice .
the room was clean , the bed was comfortable and the bathroom had all amenities .
customer service . front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite did doors did not lock . when i asked for an 1 / 2 hour later check out , i was denied . not acceptable .
mold or black mold in the bathroom . i have pictures .
the price of parking wasn ' t so high .
the service was outstanding . the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome . the room was very comfortable . the sports bar has a great relaxed atmosphere . the shop is well stocked with a good variety of good quality curios and other items .
the one we had was old and saggy . complete my profile requested room . i am a platinum member and on my profile i request a room on the higher floor away from the elevator . we were on the second , right next to the elevator
glass is totally see through . you can totally hear the sound from inside . makes it awkward . one night it felt too hot and the other night it was fine .
very friendly staff at check - in and the managers reception . room was spacious and laid out well .
there were ants in our bathroom . fortunately , there were never many at one time , and we know they can be hard to get rid of , but we would prefer not to have ants .
not so overpowering with the air freshener used .
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . so when i asked again i was told they were not refilling the fruit .
the cinnamon rolls at breakfast were under a heat lamp but they were still cold ; overall the food was not good
the batter / pancakes come out yucky . a belgian waffle maker would be so much better ! also , get a better brand of english muffins - these ones tasted awful ( i didn ' t know you could have bad english muffins ) .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite considering first night included a fire evacuation caused by one of their dryers .
i am a platinum member and on my profile
the rooms was beautiful and the food was amazing .
very welcoming staff on reception when we arrived . couldn t do more for us .
air conditioning system seemed broken . air was either on ( and very cold ) or completely off .
also , they need to improve their business center , for instance the printer wasn ' t working . overall , the hotel staff was very cordial , but they need to improve on their friendliness . and she wasn ' t customer service oriented nor friendly .
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . bartender was cool and bought me some beer but cook should be disciplined .
they were frozen and would take forever to thaw . crazy ! should have food of all kinds available if on the menu . however , the manager haley took great care of us .
were unsatisfactory have lived their life and need to be discarded . no faucets in the bathroom no complimentry fruits . the lighting in the gym needs a make over .
complimentary breakfast for gold and above members .
apology when finally checking in and without any need to ask was offered complimentary parking .
each and every staff member was pleasant and extremely helpful .
room was small for two double beds .
this room was loud , at times i thought the people above us were moving the furniture around and doing jumping jacks . this went on till 1 : 30am and started again at 6 : 30am . i would not have stayed here another night in this room !
and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced .
a review of prices for food , as there were times you felt you were being charged as a captive audience .
the fan in my room would not stay on so it was hot in my room
service was amazing !
bed bugs ! got bit about at least 20 , all over me , finger , arms , legs , thighs , feet , back .
improve checking timing . i arrived at a busy time and had to wait around 30 minutes to sight in .
the food was all processed and salty . we stayed the night before at a fairfield in toledo for $ 64 less .
breakfast buffet needs improvement . for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . bananas were very freckled . no fresh fruit other than that . bread selection good use a boost . . . put some healthier breads out instead of mostly white bread .
your facility boasts a fully stocked kitchen which prompted us to choose this location over others in our area .
netflix access on tv .
no ice on our floor . 2 . no shower mat for bathtub . floor of bathtub had no texture and was very slippery . very dangerous situation with an already injured knee .
both days the cooked breakfast was cold and myself and others complained . we told staff but no one seemed to bother too much or any improvement occur . finally the hand wash and shower wash was empty
quicker check in process such as app .
option of a bigger bed . road noise from window that was shut but sounded as if it was open ? noise from people in corridor outside . . we had no sleep !
quality of room service food is consistently lower than that served in the restaurant .
beautiful facility .
breakfast served early .
brand new facility , cpurteous staff . .
heating in the room . . it was a fairly cold evening when i stayed and i was coming down with
consider some consoles and some big lego bricks .
easy car parking .
the morning desk agents , the bellmen , and the concierge were all very friendly and hospitable in the morning .
the bagels were hard .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . there was queso , but there were no chips . . . i asked for chips & was told there weren ' t any ? this wont keep me from staying , i just thought it odd .
room was clean and real glasses ( that ' s a plus compared to recent stays in hotels at a much higher price ) .
it is also a pity that it was not signed ; freshly squeezed juices were poured into decanters , or from packets ; there was no herbal tea .
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup there was queso , but there were no chips . . .
my only issue was breakfast in the restaurant ,   [ after explaining to the young assistant that i don ' t eat large breakfast ] she pleasantly served me two poached eggs on toast as requested but a different assistant during the week would not budge from the menu ie . continental no variation . ps . only a minor hiccup .
room furniture is dated - tables and chairs etc .
i ordered breakfasts from vegetarian / vegan cafes for the next four days .
no ice on our floor .
friendly staff clean reeks and facilities
the restaurant could have longer breakfast hours .
better quality food for breakfast buffet ( particularly fruit ) .
remodeling . too old building and interior
if the sink area was in with the tub and commode in the bathroom . wish there was a waffle maker in the breakfast area , along with an instant oatmeal assortment .
bedroom was roomy and comfortable . breakfast choices were generally good but i would have preferred to have my cooked breakfast items cooked for me rather than taken from pans being kept warm . the bread for roasting was quite bland .
the room was had a fair amount of wear and tear .
renovated room . it ' s too old . i expected to have slippers at this grade of hotel . the amenities provided are so limited . i also stayed at crown ' s plaza when travelled to hong kong , the services and variety of food are much better .
food was very good in the morning .
more english channels - only news based channels available . also , if the 4 toiletry bottles in the bathroom , 3 were body lotion and 1 conditioner so i had to ask at the desk for shower gel . also no milk was provided by room service .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when checking in it took the 3rd room to get it right . no tv in first one and the 2nd suite did doors did not lock . when i asked for an 1 / 2 hour later check out , i was denied . not acceptable .
air con doesnt work good .
room pleasant and large enough for our family . use of gym and pool great . breakfast good selection . good selection of tv channels .
. also dinner at the restaurant was horrible dumped butter on everything to try to make it taste better
recommend directions for a dinner location .
it was a nice and clean environment with very courteous staff .
the batter / pancakes come out yucky . as you can see , the free breakfast is really important to me : - )
the breakfast bar ran out of hot food one half hour before it closed
air cond blew up with a loud boom , followed by a strong smell . changed room a new key didn t work . especially not an express . old facility way below standard . we only stay in express and expect a higher standard which it was not .
the overall experience was good .
service was completely top notch . each and every staff member was pleasant and extremely helpful . the facility itself was very clean and all amenities were excellent , including the breakfast and evening meals .
glass is totally see through . you can totally hear the sound from inside . makes it awkward . air con doesnt work good . one night it felt too hot and the other night it was fine .
better bar menu not a huge choice .
no complimentry fruits .
1 ) the pool area had some mold or rust growing in some areas 2 ) the beds were hard 3 ) the cinnamon rolls at breakfast were under a heat lamp but they were still cold ; overall the food was not good
very nice and good location . easy to access downtown by walking
the employees were polite and friendly . the glasses were dirty
laundry facility and breakfast .
service in this hotel was very disappointing i actually made some complaints when checking out the guy at the reception
had to use towel bath mat while we showered .
if the room service was available and if the heat was working in check in area and bar area , it would have been perfect ! !
food choices in bar area . marble floor in shower is dangerous .
the room was excellent and beautiful . i loved it !
there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . there was queso , but there were no chips . . . this wont keep me from staying , i just thought it odd .
really disappointed by the breakfast . both days the cooked breakfast was cold and myself and others complained . we told staff but no one seemed to bother too much or any improvement occur . also our request of a roll away bed was not auctioned until we highlighted this . finally the hand wash and shower wash was empty
better wifi better breakfast options -
items on food menu were not available , this happens a lot . lifts have been broken since october .
my membership was not on file on arrival . . ' . oh wait , there it is ' . points expire too quickly .
the bar area played very somber music . it was quite empty and not inviting . the restaurant selections could ve included more local selections . also , managers / supervisors appeared unfriendly
the next our was spent with employees banging on the door and yelling . the fire department banging on the door .
food choices were limited and the waiting time when i ordered was very long .
i stayed on ash wednesday . there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup ( both looked delicious ! ) i put together a salad . there was queso , but there were no chips . . . i asked for chips & was told there weren ' t any ? so , i ' m not sure why there was queso ? not saying don ' t serve meat , many people dont observe , but perhaps have a non meat choice ? this wont keep me from staying , i just thought it odd .
but nobody even bothered to contact me .
and it was hot fresh and delicious .
the breakfast buffet was good and dinner food was fresh and tasted excellent . the employees were polite and friendly . the glasses were dirty
it was 10 minutes from my brother ' s house in that ' s why i stay at the holiday inn hotels !
not acceptable .
were unsatisfactory have lived their life and need to be discarded . no faucets in the bathroom
would like to be able to get a better coffee at the hotel . the worst was the icecream , which seemed to have very strange flavours such as durian , onion and red bean .
better food at the hotel breakfast , go to germany stay in pretty much any hotel and eat the breakfast and you will see the difference . also the shower head was not properly installed and spraying water everywhere at the point where the shower head pipe threads into the 90 in the wall .
the location , the room furnishings , nice restaurant and bar , good service and at reception .
air conditioning not working was disappointing and hotel staff left our window open which was a security risk i was not happy with .
not having room service or basic menu was disappointing . we were leaving for an early flight ( ergo the hotel by the airport ) and couldn ' t get anything to eat as breakfast service doesn ' t start until 7 .
the facility itself was very clean and all amenities were excellent , including the breakfast and evening meals .
room 216 was where we stayed - and the only issue i had was that going into the bathroom there were some tiles that were loose and cracked - cuts to the feet could have been an issue , so we placed a towel over the area of concern .
the tea and coffee were not filled on two days , so small points to consider correcting .
the front desk guy wouldn t let us check - in 30 mins early .
the customer service was excellent and friendly . the ladies who were served the breakfast were amazing because they kept the area very clean , food stocked and were very willing to help everyone .
reception was slow on check in and in answering queries , like they were busy doing other things !
service , location , staff and the facility
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile .
expensive breakfast
excellent location , cleanliness , beautiful interior design , comfortable bed , presence in the room table , sofa and kettle . a varied and tasty breakfast . powerful centralized air conditioning system . in general , i liked everything !
fix the buffet breakfast . the food was cold . they appear to be cooking mounds of food early am and then holding it in the back and keep adding to the buffet as needed . the new food brought out and added to the buffet is cold so that is how i know it s sitting in the back .
i thought i was going to puke when i rolled over the next morning and there was makeup all over the bottom sheet . if i get bed bugs lord help you .
availability of more luggage carts
polite and clean .
we were overcharged &
the staff were all very friendly , polite and hospitable . i felt very welcome . the sports bar has a great relaxed atmosphere .
they charged me $ 17 . 00 more than what was shown on your web site . seemed like a bait and switch kinda deal to me .
services that use points for hotel accommodation are thankfully used frequently .
i think there could be more breakfast seating possibly and i d recommend an extra waffle maker and toaster . although i didn t use either , they were backed up quite a bit .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . 2 .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives .
friendly staff . nice pool .
the customer service was really lovely from the moment you step into the hotel lobby for the check - in to the time you check - out . we even had help to get a taxi sorted for an event we were attending that weekend . very friendly and kind .
room pleasant and large enough for our family .
another elevator and more luggage carts
location , it is close to the local attraction we were visiting .
internet service was available , but connectivity was intermittent or non - existent .
nice pool . beach access .
front desk does not know how to take initiatives . when i asked for an 1 / 2 hour later check out , i was denied .
for the price i paid to stay , i thought i ' d see a more robust breakfast offering . bananas were very freckled . more jam than just strawberry and grape .
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . restaurant screwed up my meal .
no ice on our floor . 2 . no shower mat for bathtub . very dangerous situation with an already injured knee .
this hotel need a few touch ups ! ! 1 ) the pool area had some mold or rust growing in some areas 2 )
however , except for the rate with breakfast , the basic breakfast is separately paid . i would like to make reservations for breakfast inclusion rates even if using points .
good good family rooms . . . size and set up
hotel is dark and old . bathroom was tiny , dark and poor design . elevator was slow . restaurant screwed up my meal . instead of remaking , he just scrapped the mushrooms off the steak and cooked the steak to well done .
clean rooms . newer decor .
i stick to vegan food and was upset about the lack of breakfast choices for me . i had to pour boiling water over the oatmeal and add dried fruits and fruits to it - so - so pleasure . . .
the batter / pancakes come out yucky . a belgian waffle maker would be so much better ! these ones tasted awful ( i didn ' t know you could have bad english muffins ) .
if my plugs worked when i got to the room ( they were fixed ) and if my plugs worked in the bathroom ( they never worked ) . if there were more accessible outlets . if the thermostat worked better .
clean rooms .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels
i stayed on ash wednesday .
the service is great and the rooms very comfortableness and clean , and breakfast is very good . i love that i has a microwave and mini fridge in the room . i have a toddler so having that in the room helps a lot with milk and other small things .
i stayed on ash wednesday . there were only meat choices . . . turkey sandwiches & chicken noodle soup
great service and food recommendations from the front desk attendants . the room and overall hotel was clean and comfortable .
i forgot my breakfast coupon and the front desk gave me a coupon rather than me having to go all the way back to my room . housekeeping was great . i received change easily for the coffee main in the lobby .
nice bar and front desk staff members happy faces they made me feel like a vip
were unsatisfactory have lived their life and need to be discarded . no faucets in the bathroom the lighting in the gym needs a make over .
the only saving grace was my stay at the seattle downtown location the next day .
better service ! the front desk was amazing , but there ' s is a huge need of training for the breakfast personnel .
i have stayed at a lot of holiday inn express hotels and i have to say this was the worst breakfast i have experienced . the bagels were hard . we came down to breakfast around 7 : 30 and were the only ones there .
i m not the complaining type and didn t have much time to waste but it would have been nice to catch the news . many hotels offer complimentary breakfast buffet .
mold or black mold in the bathroom . late booking late arrival it s still charge me full price .
maybe more staff required for lunch and breakfast
i ' d like the ability to sleep or go for breakfast and head out for the day before someone shows up at the door .
ac units put out to much moisture room very damp
changed room a new key didn t work . especially not an express . old facility way below standard . we only stay in express and expect a higher standard which it was not .
toilet was clogged when checked in .
not enough seating in the bar area and
the next our was spent with employees banging on the door and yelling . the fire department banging on the door . the occupants yelling .
correct these items : 1 . no ice on our floor .
more attention is needed by cooking staff . room service did not show up until we requested .
the room service guys are very helpful the food was great the mall was beside the hotel
very well maintained facility .
convenience , fast check in and check out
great staff , robert at reception is excellent , nice rooms , great bar , nice sauna
the glasses were dirty
there was only a few pieces of fruit left . no more fruit at 1000 .
the breakfast buffet food meeds to be fresher . the eggs , bacon , and sausage were all dried out . perhaps cook smaller amounts when leaving food in the warming trays . 2 . the room was horribly run down . the bathroom tile fixes didn ' t match existing tile . the tile grout in the shower was stained . the tub drain looked filthy .
good wi - fi connection .
air conditioning system seemed broken .
if room service was offered for breakfast even at a cost i think that would be a plus . but overall my stay satisfied everything i needed clean , convenient location and affordable .
room service was dreadful ( fortunately i was not charged for the meal ) , the breakfast buffet has many offerings but not all hot dishes are kept hot and coffee service is very slow
nice ambience , cleanliness , service .
breakfast : get rid of the pancake machine - the batter / pancakes come out yucky . a belgian waffle maker would be so much better ! also , get a better brand of english muffins - these ones tasted awful ( i didn ' t know you could have bad english muffins ) . as you can see , the free breakfast is really important to me : - )
the room was very comfortable and clean . thank you so much !
bathroom floor was sticky . internet connection would not hold on laptop .